a              6 
a@l            e 
a-s	        ez
aah            a 
abc            e  bi  si 
abc@l          e  bi  si 
abcd@l         e  bi  si  di 
abcdefg@k   e  bi  si  di  i  Ef  Gi 
abcs           e  bi  siz 
abigail        &b6gel 
able           ebL 
about          6bQt 
above          6bAv 
absolute       &bs6lut 
absolutely    &bs6lutli 
absorbent    6bs%b~t 
abu              6bu 
abuse           6byuz 
abuses         6byusIz 
accept          &ksEpt 
acceptable     &ksEpt6bL 
accepted         &ksEpt6d 
accident       &ks6dEnt 
accidentally      &ks6dEntLi 
accidently     &ks6dEntli 
accidents       &ks6dEnts 
accordion       6k%di6n 
account           6kQnt 
accused           6kyuzd 
accustomed     6kAstMd 
achieve          6civ 
achieved       6civd 
achieves         6civz 
achieving       6civIN 
achoo             6Cu 
acknowledge      Eknal6G 
acknowledged   Eknal6Gd 
acquiesced     &kwIEst 
acre               ekR 
across          6kras 
act            &kt 
acting          &ktIN 
action          &kC~ 
activator        &kt6vetR 
active            &ktIv 
activities     &ktIvItiz 
activity       &ktIvIti 
actor            &ktR 
actorfactormactor    &ktR  f&ktR  m&ktR 
acts           &kts  
actual         &kcuL 
actually       &kcu6li 
ad             &d 
adam        &dM 
adam's      &dMz 
add            &d 
added         &d6d 
addicted      6dIkt6d 
adding        &dIN 
adds            &dz 
adjustable     6GAst6bL 
adjustment     6GAstm~t 
adjustments   6GAstm~ts 
admit	      &dmIt
adorable        6d%6bL 
adore            6d% 
adult             6dAlt 
adults         6dAlts 
advanced       &dv&nst 
adventure        %dvEnCR 
advice           &dv9s 
advises          &dv9z6z 
afford          6f%d 
afraid         6fred 
africa        &frIk6 
african       &frIk~ 
after          &ftR 
afternoon      &ftRnun 
afterwards     &ftRwRdz 
again          6gEn 
against       6gEnst 
age            eG 
aggie         &gi 
aggravated   &gr6vet6d 
aggravating    &gr6vetIN 
aggressive       6grEsIv 
agnes             &gn6s 
ago            6go 
agree          6gri 
agreed         6grid 
ah                a 
ahab             eh&b 
ahead          6hEd 
ahhah          aha 
ahoy            6h7 
aid             ed 
aids            edz 
aim            em 
aimed         emd 
ain't            ent 
air            * 
airing          *IN 
airline          *l9n 
airplane       *plen 
airplane's     *plenz 
aisle            9l 
aisles         9lz 
al               &l 
aladin        6l&dIn 
aladin's       6l&dinz 
alarm          6l#m 
alcohol         &lk6hal 
alex             &leks 
alex's          &leks6z 
alexander     &leks&ndR 
alexander's     &leks&ndRz 
alfredo            alfredo 
algae            &lGi 
ali               &li 
alibi            &lIb9 
alice          &lIs 
alice's        &lIsIz 
alicia's       6liS6z 
alike           6l9k 
alive          6l9v 
all            Ol 
alldone         Ol  dAn 
allen            &l~ 
alligator      &lIgetR 
alligator's    &lIgetRz 
allow          6lQ 
allowed        6lQd 
ally               &li 
almost         Olmost 
alone          6lon 
along          6lON 
aloud            6lQd 
alpha           &lf6 
alphabet       &lf6bEt 
alphabets       &lf6bEts 
already        OlrEdi 
alright        Olr9t 
alrightie      Olr9ti 
also           Olso 
although       OlDo 
altogether       OltugEDR 
always         Olwez 
am             &m 
amazed         6mezd 
amazement     6mezm~t 
amazing        6mezIN 
amazingly       6mezINli 
ambitious       &mbIS6s 
ambivalence    &mbIv6l~s 
amelia         6mily6 
amen             amEn 
america         6m*Ik6 
among         6mAN 
amount         6mQnt 
amused         6myuzd 
amusing        6myuzIN 
an             6n 
ancient         enc~t 
and            &nd 
andrea's          &ndriAz 
andrew's       &ndruz 
andy           &ndi 
andy's         &ndiz 
angel          &nGL 
angelica         &nGElIk6 
angels         &nGLz 
angle            &ngL 
angry            &ngri 
animal         &n6mL 
animals        &n6mLz 
animosity     &n6masIti    
ankle           &nkL 
ankles        &NkLz 
ann            &n 
anne           &n 
annie          &ni 
annie's        &niz 
anniversary      &n6vRsRi 
annoying        6n7IN 
anorexic         &n6rEksIk 
another        6nADR 
anotherthe     6nADR  D6 
answer         &nsR 
answered        &nsRd 
answering         &nsRIN 
answers        &nsRz 
ant            &nt 
anteater        &ntitR 
antenna        &ntEn6 
antennaes      &ntEn6z 
antibiotic      &ntib9atIk 
antibiotics      &ntib9atIks 
antisocial       &ntisoSL 
ants           &nts 
any            Eni 
anybody        Enibadi 
anyhow         EnihQ 
anymore        Enim% 
anyone         EniwAn 
anything       EniTIN 
anytime         Enit9m 
anyway         Eniwe 
anyways        Eniwez 
anywhere       EniW* 
apart          6p#t 
apartment      6p#tm~t 
aplenty         6plEnti 
apology         6pOl6Gi 
apparent       6p*~t 
apparently     6p*~tli 
appeals        6pilz 
appearance    6p(~z 
appeared       6p(d 
appetite         &p6t9t 
appiesauce     &pisOs 
apple          &pL 
apples         &pLz 
applesauce     &pLsOs 
appleses          &pLz6z 
applied           6pl9d 
applies           6pl9z 
apply          6pl9 
applying       6pl9yIN 
appointment    6p7ntm~t 
appreciate     6priSiet 
appreciates     6priSiets 
approached     6proct 
appropriate    6propriIt 
apricot        &prIkat 
apricots        &prikats 
apron            epr~ 
apronstring      epr~strIN 
aquarium       6kw*iM 
arc                #k 
arches             #c6z 
are            # 
area           *i6 
areas          *i6z 
areil            EreL 
aren't         #nt 
arfarf          #f  #f 
argue          #gyu 
arguing        #gyuIN 
argument      #gyum~t 
arise            6r9z 
ark              #k 
arm            #m 
armadillo      #m6dIlo 
armhole        #mhol 
arms           #mz 
arm's	   #mz
army           #mi 
aroonie       6runi 
around         6rQnd 
arrange         6renG 
arranged       6renGd 
arrangements   6renGm~ts 
arranging         6renGIN 
array          6re 
arrived       6r9vd 
arriving      6r9vIN 
art          #t 
arthur      #TR 
article      #tIkL 
articles     #tIkLz 
artillery     #tIlRi 
arts          #ts 
as             &z 
ashamed     6Semd 
ashes         &S6z 
ashley        &Sli 
ashley's       &Sliz 
ashtray	     &Stre
ashy          &Si 
ask            &sk 
asked          &skt 
asking         &skIN 
asks           &sks 
asleep         6slip 
asparagus    6sp*6gAs 
aspirate      &sp6ret 
aspirated     &sp6ret6d 
aspirates      &sp6rets 
aspirating      &sp6retIN 
aspirins		&sprInz
assemble       6sEmbL 
asserting        6sRtIN 
assistance      6sIst~s 
associate      6sosiet 
associated     6sosietId 
associates     6sosiets 
association    6sosieS~ 
assortment      6s#tm~t 
assume         6sum 
assumed       6sumd 
at             &t 
ate            et 
athe             eD 
attach           6t&c 
attached       6t&ct 
attaches        6t&c6z 
attack         6t&k 
attacked       6t&kt 
attacking       6t&kIN 
attention      6tEnS~ 
attic             &tIk 
attitude         &t6tud 
attitude         &t6tudz 
attractive       6tr&ktIv 
augmentin       OgmEntIn 
august         Og6st 
aunt           &nt 
auntie         &nti 
aunts           &nts 
autograph     Ot6gr&f 
automatic       Ot6m&tIk 
automatically  Ot6m&tIkli 
automobile      Ot6m6bil 
avenue            &v6nu 
averaging       &vr6GIN 
avocado         av6cado 
avocados       av6cadoz 
aw                O 
awake          6wek 
awakening     6wek~IN 
aware          6w* 
away           6we 
awesome      OsAm 
awful           OfL 
awfully        Ofli 
awfuls          OfLz 
awkward      OkwRd 
ax               &ks 
aye              9 
b                bi 
b@l            bi 
baa            ba 
baa@o         ba 
baba           baba 
babac         babak 
babar         babar 
babars         babarz 
babas            babaz 
babble         b&bL 
babbling     b&bLIN 
babe            beb 
babes           bebz 
babies         bebiz 
baboo           b6bu 
baboon         b6bun 
baby           bebi 
baby's         bebiz 
babycake        bebikek 
babycakes        bebikeks 
babydoll        bebidOl 
babydolls     bebidOlz 
babysat        bebisIt 
babysitter     bebisItR 
babysitters    bebisItRz 
back           b&k 
backdoor        b&kd% 
backed         b&kt 
backflips       b&kflIps 
background      b&krQnd 
backie          b&ki 
backing        b&kIN 
backordered     b&k%dRd 
backs          b&ks 
backtwist       b&ktwIst 
backward        b&kw3d 
backwards       b&kw3dz 
backwash         b&kwaS 
backyard        b&ky#d 
bacon          bek~ 
bacteria        b&kt(i6 
bad            b&d 
badido         b6dido 
badly            b&dli 
baebae        bebe 
bag            b&g 
baggie        b&gi 
baggies        b&giz 
baggy           b&gi 
bags           b&gz 
bah             ba 
bailey         beli 
bake            bek 
baked           bekt 
baker            bekR 
baker's         bekRz 
bakers          bekRz 
bakes          beks 
baking         bekIN 
balance        b&l~ts 
balcony         b&lk6ni 
bald             bOld 
ball           bOl 
ball's        bOlz 
ballerina       b&l6rin6 
ballerinas    b&l6rin6z 
ballet         b&le 
ballgame        bOlgem 
ballie          bOli 
balling         bOlIN 
balloon        b6lun 
balloons       b6lunz 
balls          bOlz 
balmex      bOlmEks 
balogna        b6loni 
baloney          b6loni 
balooga         b6lug6 
baltimore       baltIm% 
bam             b&m 
bambi          b&mbi 
bambi's        b&mbiz 
bambis         b&mbiz 
bamboo        b&mbu 
banana        b6n&n6 
bananas        b6n&n6z 
band           b&nd 
bandana      b&nd&n6 
bands         b&ndz 
bang           b&N 
banged       b&Nd 
banging      b&NIN 
banillon      b6nIl~ 
banjo          b&nGo 
bank           b&Nk 
banner        b&nR 
bantam        b&ntM 
baps             b&ps 
bar               b# 
barbecue     b#b6kyu 
barbells         b#bElz 
barber           b#bR 
barbie          b#bi 
barbies        b#biz 
barbwire     b#bw9r 
bare	           b*
barefoot      b*fUt 
barefooted     b*fUt6d 
barely           b*li 
baring           b*IN 
bark           b#k 
barked         b#kt 
barking      b#kIN 
barkley        b#kli 
barks          b#ks 
barley          b#li 
barn           b#n 
barney           b#ni 
barney's         b#niz 
barrel           b*L 
barrels        b*Lz 
barrette       b6rEt 
barrettes      b6rEts 
barron         b*~ 
barroon        b6run 
barroons          b6runz 
bars           b#z 
bart           b#t 
base         bes 
baseball       besbOl 
baseballs      besbOlz 
basement       besm~t 
bashful          b&SfL 
basic              besIk 
basically      besIkli 
basics          besIks 
basil            bezIl 
basil's           bezIlz 
basket         b&skIt 
basket's        b&skIts 
basketball    b&skItbOl 
basketballs     b&skItbOlz 
basketful         b&skItfL 
baskets        b&skIts 
baster          bestR 
basty            besti 
bat            b&t 
bath           b&T 
bathie          b&Ti 
bathing        beDIN 
bathingsuit     beDINsut 
bathingsuits      beDINsuts 
bathrobe	       b&Trob
bathroom       b&Trum 
bathrooms       b&Trumz 
baths              b&Ts 
bathtime          b&Tt9m 
bathtub        b&TtAb 
batman        b&tm&n 
bats              b&ts 
batter            b&tR 
batteries         b&tRi 
battery           b&tRiz 
battery's         b&tRiz 
battle           b&tL 
batty            b&ti 
bay               be 
be             bi 
beach          bic 
bead            bid 
beads          bidz 
beady         bidi 
beak          bik 
bean         bin 
beanbag      binb&g 
beanie          bini 
beans          binz 
beanstalk      binstak 
bear           b* 
bear's          b*z 
bearbrown      b*rbrQn 
beard          b(d 
bears             b*z 
beast           bist 
beastly         bistli 
beat            bit 
beaten         bit~ 
beaters         bitRz 
beating          bitIN 
beatrix          biatrIks 
beautician       byutIS~ 
beautiful      byut6fL 
beautifully      byutIfli 
beauty           byuti 
beavers        bivRz 
bebe              bebe 
became          bikem 
because        bIkAz 
becky	       bEki
becky's	       bEkiz
become         bIkAm 
becomes        bIkAmz 
becoming       bikAmIN 
bed            bEd 
bed's          bEdz 
beddybye      bEdib9 
bedroom        bEdrum 
beds             bEdz 
bedspread      bEdsprEd 
bedtime        bEdt9m 
bee            bi 
bee's          biz 
beef            bif 
been           bIn 
beep          bip 
beeper       bipR 
beeps          bips 
beer            b( 
bees             biz 
beet             bit 
beetie            biti 
beetle             bitL 
beetles        bitLz 
beets            bits 
before         bIf% 
beg            bEg 
began          bIg&n 
beggar          bEgR 
begging        bEgIN 
begin          bIgIn 
beginner       bIgInR 
beginning      bIgInIN 
begins         bIgInz 
begun          bIgAn 
behaved        bihevd 
behavior       bIhevyR 
behind         bIh9nd 
being          biIN 
beings         biINz 
belch           bElc 
belches       bElc6z 
belief         bIlif 
believe        bIliv 
believed        bIlivd 
believes       bIlivz 
bell           bEl 
bellies       bEliz 
belligerent     bElIGR~t 
bellowed        bElod 
bells           bElz 
belly          bEli 
bellybutton   bElibAt~ 
belong          bilON 
belongs        bIlON 
below           bIlo 
belt           bElt 
belts          bElts 
ben            bEn 
ben's         bEnz 
bench         bEnc 
bend          bEnd 
bended       bEnd6d 
bending     bEndIN 
beneath       bIniT 
benjamin     bEnG6mIn 
bent          bEnt 
berries       b*iz 
berry          b*i 
bert           b3t 
bert's         b3ts 
bertha's       b3T6z 
beside         bIs9d 
besides        bIs9dz 
best           bEst 
bestest      bEstEst 
bet            bEt 
beth           bET 
better         bEtR 
betty          bEti 
between        bItwin 
beverage     bEvR6G 
beyond         biand 
bib            bIb 
bibbie       bIbi 
bibbie's     bIbiz
bible          b9bL 
bibs           bIbz 
bicycle        b9sIkL 
bicycles       b9sikLz
bid              bId 
big            bIg 
bigger         bIgR 
biggest        bIgIst 
bike          b9k 
bike's        b9ks 
bikes          b9ks 
bill           bIl 
bills          bIlz 
billy           bIli 
bin            bIn 
bing@o     bIN 
bingo       bINgo 
binkie        bINki 
binkies       bINkiz 
binoculars    b9nAkyulRz 
binya          bIny6 
bird           b3d 
bird's          b3dz 
birdfeeder      b3dfidR 
birdie         b3di 
birdie's       b3diz 
birdies        b3diz 
birds          b3dz 
birth         b3T 
birthday       b3Tde 
biscuits        bIskIts 
bit            bIt 
bite           b9t 
bites          b9ts 
biting         b9tIN 
bits           bIts 
bitsy         bItsi 
bitter          bItR 
bitty             bIti 
black          bl&k 
blackberries     bl&kb*iz 
blackberry        bl&kb*i 
blackbird          bl&kb3d 
blackbirds        bl&kb3dz 
blade           bled 
blades         bledz 
blah          bla 
blame       blem 
blank         bl&Nk 
blanket        bl&NkIt 
blanket's      bl&NkIts
blanketie       bl&NkIti 
blankets        bl&NkIts 
blankie       bl&Nki 
blankies       bl&Nkiz 
blast          bl&st 
blasting       bl&stIN
bleach        blic 
bleached      blict 
bleaching       blicIN 
bleed             blid 
blend           blEnd 
blends         blEndz 
bless          blEs 
blessed        blEst 
blessing       blEsIN 
blessings       blEsINz 
blew           blu 
blind          bl9nd 
blinds          bl9ndz 
blink           blINk 
blinking      blINkIN 
blob	          blab
block          blak 
block's        blaks 
blockbuster    blakbAstR 
blocked       blakt 
blockhead      blakhEd 
blockie          blaki 
blockies         blakiz 
blocking        blakIN 
blocks         blaks 
blond       bland 
blonde      bland 
blood        blAd 
bloom       blum 
blooming   blumIN 
blossomed       blasMd 
blouse         blQs 
blow           blo 
blowing      blowIn 
blows           bloz 
blowup       bloAp 
blue           blu 
blue's        bluz 
blueberries    blub*iz 
blueberry      blub*i 
blush          blAS 
blustery      blAstRi 
bo      bo 
board     b%d 
boarded     b%d6d 
boat           bot 
boats          bots 
bob            bab 
bobbing      babIN 
bobbling      babLIN 
bobby          babi 
bobo             bobo 
boboneen       bobonin 
boboni          boboni 
boboon         bobun 
boboonie       bobuni 
bobs	       babz
body           badi 
bog         bag 
bogus      bogAs 
boil          b7l 
boiled       b7ld 
boiling        b7lIN 
boing          b7N 
bologna        b6loni 
bond         band 
bone        bon 
boneen      bonin 
boneen's     boninz 
boneene      bonin 
boneeno       bonino 
bones          bonz 
bong          baN 
bongo        baNgo 
bongos        baNgoz 
bonk            baNk 
bonked       baNkt 
bonkie         baNki 
bonking       baNkIN 
bonnet          banIt 
bonny           bani 
bony           boni 
boo          bu 
boobie      bubi 
booboo         bubu 
boobooing@n    bubuIN 
booboon      bubun 
booboon's      bubunz 
booboonee     bubuni 
boobooneen     bubunin 
boobooneen's   bubuninz 
boobooneeno    bubunino 
booboonino       bubunino 
booboos         bubuz 
boobooshas   bubuS6z 
booger          bUgR 
boogers        bUgRz 
boogie          bUgi 
boogies       bUgiz 
boogyman        bUgim&n 
book           bUk 
bookbag      bUkb&g 
bookcase       bUkkes 
bookie          bUki 
bookies         bUkiz 
books          bUks 
boom           bum 
boom@o     bum 
boomdie      bumdi 
boomerang     bum6r&N 
booms         bumz 
boomsie        bumzi 
booneenie      bunini 
boonie          buni 
boop         bup 
boops@o     bups 
boopsieboo    bupsibu 
boosh            buS 
booshaboosh     buS6buS 
boost        bust 
booster      bustR 
boot            but 
bootiebooshas     butibuS6z 
booties     butiz 
boots          buts 
booty          buti 
bop      bap 
bop's     baps 
boppety    bap6ti 
bored          b%d 
boring         b%IN 
born         b#n 
borrowed     barod 
borrowing      barowIn 
bossing         basIN 
boston          bastN 
both           boT 
bother         baDR 
bothered       baDRd 
bothering      baDRIN 
bothers        baDRz 
bottle         batL 
bottles         batLz 
bottom         batM 
bottoms       batMz 
bough           bQ 
bought        bOt 
bouillon      bUly~
bounce        bQnts 
bounced       bQntst 
bouncer       bQntsR 
bounces       bQnts6z 
bouncie       bQntsi 
bouncing      bQntsIN 
bouncy          bQntsi 
bounder         bQndR 
bounds          bQndz 
bout           bQt 
bow            bo 
bowed         bQd 
bowel            bQl 
bowels           bQlz 
bowing           bQIN 
bowl           bol 
bowls          bolz 
bowl's	       bolz
bows           boz 
bowwow       bQwQ 
bowwow@o      bQwQ 
box            baks
box's	       baksIz 
boxes          baksIz 
boy            b7 
boy's          b7z 
boys           b7z 
boyser        b7zR 
boyz            b7z 
bra               bra 
bracelet        bresl6t 
braid            bred 
braiding       bredIN 
brain          bren 
bran           br&n 
branch        br&nc 
branches      br&nc6z 
brand           br&nd 
brandnew      br&nd  nu 
brass            br&s 
brat            br&t 
brave           brev 
bray             bre 
bread          brEd 
break          brek 
breakable      brek6bL 
breakfast      brEkf6st 
breaking        brekIN 
breaks           breks 
breast            brEst 
breath             brET 
breathe           briD 
breather         briDR 
breathing      briDIN 
breeze         briz 
brenda         brEnd6 
brenda's       brEnd6z 
brendan        brEnd~ 
brian              br9N 
brick          brIk 
bricks         brIks 
bridge         brIG 
bridges        brIGIz 
briefcase        brifkes 
bright         br9t 
brighter        br9tR 
brightness     br9tnEs 
brigitte          brIGit 
brigitte's         brIGits 
brilliant           brIly~t 
bring          brIN 
bringing       brININ 
brings         brINz 
brisco         brIsko 
brisco's       brIskoz 
bristle        brIsL 
bristles       brIsLz 
britches       brItc6z 
brittany        brItni 
brittney         brItni 
brittney's        brItniz 
broad             brOd 
broader           brOdR 
broccoli          brOc6li 
brocovich      brak6vIc 
broke          brok 
broken         brok~ 
brokenhearted     brok~h#t6d 
brook       brUk 
brooklyn      brUkl~ 
broom          brum 
brooms          brumz 
broth             braT 
brother        brADR 
brothers         brADRz 
brought        brOt 
brown           brQn 
brown's		brQnz
brownies        brQniz 
browns         brQnz 
brows          brQz 
brr          bR 
bruce      brus 
bruise     bruz 
bruised    bruzd 
brunch       brAnc 
brush          brAS 
brusha        brAS6 
brushed        brASt 
brushes        brASIz 
brushing       brASIN 
bub              bAb 
bubbilicious    bAbIlIS6s 
bubble          bAbL 
bubbler         bAbLR 
bubbles        bAbLz 
bubblicious     bAblIS6s 
bubbly          bAbLi 
buckaroo       bAk6ru 
bucket            bAkIt 
buckets        bAkIts 
buckle           bAkL 
buckled          bAkLd 
buckles          bAkLz 
buckling       bAklIN 
bucks          bAks 
bucky          bAki 
bud            bAd 
buddies       bAdiz 
buddy          bAdi 
buds            bAdz 
bug            bAg 
bug's         bAgz 
bugged       bAgd 
buggie         bAgi 
bugging      bAgIN 
bugs           bAgz 
build          bIld 
builded       bIld6d 
building       bIldIN 
buildings      bIldINz 
builds         bIldz 
built          bIlt 
bull            bUl 
bullfrog       bUlfrag 
bully           bUli 
bullying       bUliIN 
bullys          bUliz 
bum             bAm 
bumblebee     bAmbLbi 
bumblebees     bAmbLbiz 
bumbling       bAmbLIN 
bummed        bAmd 
bummer         bAmR 
bummie         bAmi 
bummie's      bAmiz 
bumming       bAmIN 
bump         bAmp 
bumped     bAmpt 
bumper      bAmpR 
bumping     bAmpIN 
bumpity      bAmpIti 
bumps       bAmps 
bumpy       bAmpi 
bums         bAmz 
bun             bAn 
bunch          bAnc 
bundle          bAndL 
bungalow      bAng6lo 
bunnies        bAniz 
bunnies's    bAniz6z 
bunny          bAni 
bunny's        bAniz 
bunnyegg      bAni  Eg 
bunnyrabbit      bAnir&bIt 
bunnyrabbits      bAnir&bIts 
bunnys          bAniz 
buns              bAnz 
bunting         bAntIN
burger		b3g3 
buried           b*id 
burke           b3k 
burn           b3n 
burned       b3nd 
burning       b3nIN 
burnt          b3nt 
burp           b3p 
burped        b3pt 
burper        b3pR 
burpie        b3pi 
burping      b3pIN 
burps         b3ps 
burrow      b3o 
burt          b3t 
bury         b*i 
bus             bAs 
buses          bAsIz 
bush           bUS 
bushed        bUSt 
bushel         bUSL 
bushes         bUSIz 
business      bIzn6s 
businesses   bIzn6s6z 
bust            bAst 
busted          bAst6d 
buster         bAstR 
busting          bAstIN 
busts            bAsts 
busy           bIzi 
but            bAt 
but's          bAts 
buts          bAts 
butt           bAt 
butter         bAtR 
butterball     bAtRbOl 
butterflies    bAtRfl9z 
butterfly      bAtRfl9 
butternut      bAtRnAt 
butternutie@n    bAtRnAti 
button         bAt~ 
buttoned       bAt~d 
buttonhole     bAt~hol 
buttoning      bAt~IN 
buttons        bAt~z 
butts       bAts 
buttsie     bAtsi 
buy            b9 
buying        b9IN 
buys             b9z 
buzz      bAz 
buzzing     bAzIN 
by             b9 
bye            b9 
byebye        b9b9 
byebyes      b9b9z 
c             si 
c@l            si 
cabbage       k&b6G 
cabinet        k&b6nIt 
cabinets       k&b6nIts 
cable       kebL 
caboose     k6bus 
cactus       k&kt6s 
cage           keG 
cages          keGIz 
cake           kek 
cake's        keks 
cakes          keks 
cakie       keki 
caking@n     kekIN 
calcium        k&lsi6m 
calculator     k&lkyuletR 
calendar      k&lEndR 
calf       k&f 
california     k&l6f%ny6 
call           kOl 
called         kOld 
calling        kOlIN 
calls          kOlz 
calm       kalm 
calories      k&l%iz 
calvary       k&lv6ri 
came           kem 
camel         k&mL 
camels      k&mLz 
camera       k&m6r6 
cameras     k&m6r6z 
camp          k&mp 
campbell     k&mbL 
camped     k&mpt 
camping     k&mpIN 
camps         k&mps 
can            k&n 
can't          k&nt 
cancel      k&nsL 
candies      k&ndiz 
candle       k&ndL 
candles      k&ndLz 
candy         k&ndi 
cane        ken 
cannot     k&nat 
cans        k&nz 
cantaloupe    k&nt6lop 
canton         k&nt~ 
cap            k&p 
capable        kep6bL 
capris       k6priz 
captain        k&pt~ 
captain's      k&pt~z
car            k# 
car's         k#z 
carbonation   k#b6neS~ 
card           k#d 
cardboard      k#db%d 
cardinal        k#d6nL 
cardinals      k#d6nLz 
cards          k#dz 
care           k* 
careening     k6rinIN 
careful        k*fL 
carefully      k*fLi 
cares          k*z 
carl       k#l 
carmen     k#m~ 
carol       k*L 
carpet      k#p6t 
carriage     k*6G 
carrie       k*i 
carried        k*id 
carries        k*iz 
carrot         k*6t 
carrots        k*6ts 
carry          k*i 
carrying     k*riIN 
cars           k#z 
carseat      k#sit 
cart            k#t 
carton    k#t~ 
cartoon        k#tun 
cartoons        k#tunz 
carts          k#ts 
case           kes 
cases         kes6z 
cassy          k&si 
castle         k&sL 
castles        k&sLz 
casts     k&sts 
cat            k&t 
cat's          k&ts 
catalogs     k&t6lagz 
catalogue    k&t6lag 
catastrophe  k6t&str6fi 
catch          k&c 
catcher       k&cR 
catches       k&c6z 
catching       k&cIN 
catdoor      k&td% 
categorical    k&tIg%IkL 
categories     k&tIg%iz 
caterpillar    k&tRpIlR 
caterpillars     k&tRpIlRz 
cathy		 k&Ti
cathy's		 k&Tiz
catnaping     k&tn&pIN 
cats           k&ts 
caught         kOt 
cauliflower    kOliflQR 
cause          kOz 
causing      kOzIN 
cavalry       k&vLri 
cave         kev 
caves          kevz 
caw            kO 
cdefg@k       si  di  i  Ef  Gi 
ceiling        silIN 
ceilings       silINs 
celebrate      sEl6bret 
celebrated      sEl6bret6d 
celebrates       sEl6brets 
celebrating       sEl6bretIN 
celebration       sEl6breS~ 
celery           sElRi 
cell        sEl 
cells      sElz 
cement     sImEnt 
cent        sEnt 
center          sEntR 
centered       sEntRd 
centering       sEntRIN 
centers           sEntRz 
centipede       sEntIpid 
cents          sEnts 
century       sEnc3i 
cereal         s(iL 
cereal's        s(iLz  
cereals          s(iLz 
certain        s3t~ 
certainly     s3t~li 
certificate     s3tIf6c6t 
chafing        cefIN 
chain          cen 
chains        cenz 
chair          c* 
chairs         c*z 
chalk         cak 
chalkboard     cakb%d 
challenge        c&lEnG 
challenging     c&lEnGIN 
chance         c&nts 
chances        c&nts6z 
change         cenG 
changed        cenGd 
changes        cenG6z 
changing       cenGIN 
channel          c&nL 
channels         c&nLz 
chap          c&p 
character      k*IktR 
characteristic k*Ikt6rIstIk 
characters     k*IktRz 
charge            c#G 
charged          c#Gd 
charges           c#G6z 
charging          c#GIN 
charlie       c#li 
charm      c#m 
charming   c#mIN 
chart       c#t 
chase           ces 
chased        cest 
chases        ces6z 
chasing      cesIN 
chat       c&t 
check           cEk 
checkbook        cEkbUk 
checkbook's       cEkbUks 
checkbooks       cEkbUks 
checking     cEkIN 
checkout           cEkQt 
checks     cEks 
chee      ci 
cheek          cik 
cheekie    ciki 
cheekies    cikiz 
cheeks         ciks 
cheep      cip 
cheer      c( 
cheerful   c(fL 
cheerio     c(io 
cheerio's    c(ioz 
cheerios       c(ioz 
cheers     c(z 
cheery     c(i 
cheese         ciz 
cheeseburger    cizb3gR 
cheeto     cito 
chef     SEf 
cherries     cEriz 
cherrio     cErio 
chest      cEst 
chester    cEstR 
chew           cu 
chewed     cud 
chewing      cuwIN 
chews     cuz 
chewy          cuwi 
chi    ci 
chicago	  SIkago
chichi           cici 
chichi's          ciciz 
chick          cIk 
chick's     cIks 
chickadee      cIk6di 
chicken        cIk~ 
chickennoodle   cIk~  nudL 
chickens       cIk~z 
chickie      cIki 
chickie's     cIkiz 
chickies       cIkiz 
chicks         cIks 
chico          ciko 
chihuahua     ciwawa 
child          c9ld 
children       cIldr~ 
chili        cIli 
chill      cIl 
chillier     cIliR 
chilling    cIlIN 
chillon     cIl~ 
chilly          cIli 
chime     c9m 
chimes    c9mz 
chimney    cImni 
chimp     cImp 
chimpanzee      cImp&nzi 
chin           cIn 
china      c9n6 
chinese     c9niz 
chinie        cIni 
chinnie       cIni 
chip           cIp 
chipmunks   cIpmANks 
chips          cIps 
chirp      c3p 
chirping     c3pIN 
chirps	     c3ps
chitlins      cItL~z 
chocolate      cOklIt 
choice           c7s 
choices         c7s6z 
choke           cok 
choking       cokIN 
cholesterol      k6lEstRal 
chomp          cOmp 
choo      cu 
choo@o     cu 
chooc@o      cuk 
choochoo       cu  cu 
choochoo@o    cu  cu 
choose        cuz 
chop         cap 
chopped     capt 
chore     c% 
chores         c%z 
chose          coz 
chowder	       cQd3
chris       krIs 
christ       kr9st 
christened      krIs~d 
christening     krIs~IN 
christmas      krIsm6s 
christopher    krIst6fR 
chubby         cAbi 
chuckie        cAki 
chugga@o      cAg6 
chunky      cANki 
church           cRc 
churches       cRc6z 
chute         Sut 
cigar	      sIg#
cigarette      sIg6rEt 
cinderella       sInd6rEl6 
cinderella's     sSind6rEl6z 
cindy          sIndi 
cindy's        sIndiz 
cinnamon     sIn6m~ 
circle          s3kL 
circled       s3kLd 
circles        s3kLz 
circular      s3kyulR 
circulation    s3kyuleS~ 
circumstances  s3kMst&nsIz 
circus           s3k6s 
citrus        sItr6s 
city            sIti 
civilization   sIv6l6zeS~ 
civilized      sIv6l9zd 
clam	       kl&m
clamp       kl&mp 
clap             kl&p 
clappie        kl&pi 
clapping       kl&pIN 
class          kl&s 
clattering     kl&tRIN 
claus          klOz 
clay           kle 
clean          klin 
cleaned        klind 
cleaner        klinR 
cleaner's       klinRz 
cleanest     klinEst 
cleaning       klinIN 
cleans         klinz 
cleanup        klinAp 
clear          kl( 
clearance      kl(6nz 
cleared      kl(d 
clearer       kl(R 
clearly        kl(li 
clever       klEvR 
click        klIk 
clicker      klIkR 
clicking       klIkIN 
clifford        klIf3d 
clifford's     klIf3dz 
climb          kl9m 
climbed        kl9md 
climber        kl9mR 
climbing       kl9mIN 
climbs         kl9mz 
clings         klIN 
clinic           klInIk 
clinics          klInIks 
clink         klINk 
clinking     klINkIN 
clip            klIp 
clipped      klIpt 
clippers      klIpRz 
clipping      klIpIN 
clips         klIps 
cloaks        kloks 
clobber        klabR 
clock          klak 
clop            klap 
close          kloz 
closed         klozd 
closely        klosli 
closer          klosR 
closes       kloz6z 
closet          klOzIt 
closing      klozIN 
cloth          klOT 
clothes        kloz 
clothing       kloDIN 
cloud       klQd 
clouding    klQdIN 
clouds         klQdz 
cloudy        klQdi 
clover        klovR 
clown          klQn 
clowns         klQnz 
club            klAb 
cluck         klAk 
clue         klu 
clues       kluz 
clumps      klAmps 
clumpy       klAmpi 
clumsily     klAmsIli 
clunk         klANk 
clunky       klANki 
clutter        klAtR 
cluttering     klAtRIN 
cmon	       k6man
coal	       kol
coaster      kostR 
coasters      kostRz 
coat           kot 
coats          kots 
cob            kab 
cobweb     kabwEb 
cobwebs    kabwEbz 
coca           kok6 
cock          kak 
cockadoodledoo    kak6dudLdu 
cockle     kakL 
cocoa      koko 
cocoon      k6kun 
code           kod 
coffee         kOfi 
coffee's	       kOfiz
coin	       k7n
coins         k7nz 
coke          kok 
cola         kol6 
colada      kolad6 
cold           kold 
cold's          koldz 
colder      koldR 
coleman      kolm~ 
colin	     kal~
colin's	     kal~z
collapse     k6l&ps 
collar       kalR 
collect     k6lEkt 
collection    k6lEkS~ 
college       kal6G 
color          kAlR 
color's        kAlRz 
colored        kAlRd 
colorful      kAlRfL 
coloring       kAlRIN 
colors         kAlRz 
colts        kolts 
column       kalAm 
columns      kalAmz 
comb           kom 
combed         komd 
combie       kombi 
combination   kambIneS~ 
combine       kMb9n 
combing        komIN 
combs          komz 
come           kAm 
comedy         kam6di 
comes          kAmz 
comfort        kAmf3t 
comfortable    kAmftRbL 
comfortably      kAmftRbli 
comforter     kAmf3tR 
comforting     kAmf3tIN 
comfy        kAmfi 
coming         kAmIN 
commanded   k6m&nd6d 
commander     k6m&ndR 
comment       kamEnt 
commercial      k6mRSL 
commercials     k6mRSLz 
common         kam~ 
communicate     k6myunIket 
communication    k6myunIkeS~ 
company        kMp6ni 
compared       kMp*d 
complain      kMplen 
complaining    kMplenIN 
complains     kMplenz 
complete         kMplit 
completed      kMplit6d 
completely     kMplitli 
complicated    kamplIket6d 
complication    kamplIkeS~ 
computer       kMpyutR 
concentrate     kans~tret 
concentrating  kans~tretIN 
concentric      k~sEntrIk 
concept        kansEpt 
concerned     k~s3nd 
concerns       k~s3nz 
concert          kansRt 
concerts         kansRts 
condensation   kandEnseS~ 
conditioner     k~dIS~R 
conditioning    k~dIS~IN 
condo      kando 
condos      kandoz 
cone             kon 
cones		 konz
confident     kanfIdEnt 
confuse        k~fyuz 
confused       k~fyuzd 
confusing      k~fyuzIN 
congestion     k~GEsc~ 
congratulate    k~gr&culet 
connect        k6nEkt 
connecting     k6nEktIN 
connection     k6nEkS~ 
connections    k6nEkS~z 
connie     kani 
connotes       k6nots 
conscious      kanS6s 
consider        k~sIdR 
considerate    k~sIdR6t 
considered     k~sIdRd 
considering    k~sIdRIN 
considers      k~sIdRz 
consistent     k~sIst~t 
consistently   k~sIst~tli 
conspiracy     k~sp36si 
constant     kanst~t 
constantly     kanst~tli 
constellation  kanst6leS~ 
construct      k~strAkt 
contact        kant&kt 
contain          k~ten 
containable    k~ten6bL 
contained        k~tend 
container       k~tenR 
containers     k~tenRz 
containing        k~tenIN 
contains          k~tenz 
content        kantEnt 
contents      kantEnts 
context        kantEkst 
continually    k~tInyu6li 
continue       k~tInyu 
continued     k~tInyud 
contrary       kantr*i 
control        k~trol 
controlled     k~trold 
controller      k~trolR 
controls        k~trolz 
convenience    k~vinyEnts 
conversation   kanvRseS~ 
conversations  kanvRseS~z 
cook           kUk 
cookbook       kUkbUk
cooked        kUkt
cooker	      kUk3
cookie         kUki 
cookie's       kUkiz
cookies        kUkiz 
cooking        kUkIN 
cooks          kUks 
cool      kul 
cooled    kuld 
cooler     kulR 
cooling    kulIN 
coop     kup 
cooperate   koapRet 
cooperating   koapRetIN 
cooperative    koapR6tIv 
coordinate      ko#dInet 
coordination    ko#dIneS~ 
copied    kapid 
coppertone    kapRton 
cops           kaps 
copyright    kapir9t 
coral       k#L 
cord           k%d 
cords     k%dz 
corduroy       k%d6r7 
corduroy's     k%d6r7z 
cork          k%k 
corked      k%kt 
corn              k%n 
corner         k%nR 
cornfield      k%nfild 
cornish         k%nIS 
corny      k%ni 
corral      k6r&l 
correct        k6rEkt 
correctly      k6rEktli 
correspondence k%6spand~s 
cosby      kOzbi 
cost        kast 
costs       kasts 
cotton         kat~ 
cottontail     kat~tel 
couch          kQc 
couches        kQcIz 
cough          kOf 
coughing      kOfIN 
could          k6d 
couldn't       k6d~t 
counselor     kQns6lR 
count          kQnt 
counted        kQntId 
counter      kQntR 
countertop      kQntRtap 
counting       kQntIN 
countries        kAntriz 
country          kAntri 
counts         kQnts 
county       kQnti 
couple         kApL 
coupon     kupan 
coupons    kupanz 
course         k%s 
courting        k#tIN 
cousin         kAz~ 
cousins        kAz~z 
cover          kAvR 
covered        kAvRd 
covering      kAvRIN 
covers      kAvRz 
cow            kQ 
cow's          kQz 
cowabunga      kQ6bAng6 
cowboy     kQb7 
cowpokie    kQpoki 
cows           kQz 
cozy       kozi 
crab         kr&b 
crabbie      kr&bi 
crabbing    kr&bIN 
crabby       kr&bi 
crack          kr&k 
cracked        kr&kt 
cracker         kr&kR 
crackers       kr&kRz 
crackery     kr&kRi 
cracking     ky&kIN
cracky       kr&ki 
cradle          kredL 
cradles          kredLz 
cramped      kr&mpt 
cranberries    kr&nb*iz 
cranberry       kr&nb*i 
crane          kren 
cranium      kreniM 
crank       kr&Nk 
crankiness      kr&NkinEs 
cranky         kr&Nki 
crap            kr&p 
crash          kr&S 
crashed       kr&St 
crashes        kr&S6z 
crashing        kr&SIN 
crawl          krOl 
crawled         krOld 
crawler         krOlR 
crawling         krOlIN 
crawls           krOlz 
crayon         krean 
crayons        kreanz 
crazed          krezd 
crazy          krezi 
cream          krim 
creamy      krimi 
creates        kriets 
creative     kiretIv 
creatively     krietIvli 
creature       kricR 
creatures       kricRz 
credit          krEdIt 
credited       krEdIt6d 
crediting       krEdItIN 
credits           krEdIts 
creek      krik 
creep       krip 
creepy       kripi 
crew       kru 
crib           krIb 
cribbie       krIbi 
crickets       krIk6ts 
cried      kr9d 
crinkles     krINkLz 
crinkling     krINkLIN 
crinkly      krINkLi 
crispier       krIspiR 
crispiest       krIspiEst 
crispy          krIspi 
crisscross   krIskras 
critter       krItR 
croakity     krok6ti 
crock           krak 
crocodile      krak6d9l 
crocodiles      krak6d9lz 
crocodiles'    krak6d9lz 
crocuses      kroc6s6s 
cromer	      krom3
cromer's      krom3z
crooked       krUk6d 
crooks          krUks 
cross            kras 
crossed       krast 
crossing      krasIN 
crosss         kras 
crow       kro 
crowd     krQd 
crowded    krQd6d 
crowed       krod 
crown       krQn 
crud        krAd 
cruise      kruz 
crumb      krAm 
crumble    krAmbL 
crumbs     krAmz 
crunch         krAnc 
crunchies    krAnciz 
crunchy        krAnci 
crush      krAS 
crust    krAst 
crusted         krAst6d 
crusty         krAsti 
cry     kr9 
crybaby     kr9bebi 
crying         kr9IN 
crystals      krIstLz 
cub     kAb 
cubby    kAbi 
cube       kyub 
cubes          kyubz 
cucumber    kyukAmbR 
cucumbers    kyukZmbRz 
cuddly      kAdLi 
cuetip     kyutIp 
cummings   kAmINz
cup            kAp 
cup's	       kAps
cupboard     kAbRd 
cupboard's   kAbRdz 
cupcake      kApkek 
cupcake's     kApkeks 
cupcakes     kApkeks 
cupfuls        kApfUlz 
cups           kAps 
cups          kAps 
curb           k3b 
curds       k3dz 
curious        ky)i6s 
curl        k3l 
curled     k3ld 
curly          k3li 
current        k3~t 
curse     k3s 
curtain    k3t~ 
curtains     k3t~z 
curvy       k3vi 
cushion     kUS~ 
cushioned   kUS~d 
cushions      kUS~z  
custard	      kAst3d
cut            kAt 
cute           kyut 
cutest         kyutIst 
cutesy     kutsi 
cutey          kyuti 
cutie        kyuti 
cutiepie     kyuti    p9 
cutting       kAtIN 
cymbals       sImbLz 
czech        cEk 
czechoslovakia's      cEk6sl6vaki6z 
d              di 
d@l            di 
da             da 
dab      d&b 
dab@c     d&b 
dabby@c      d&b 
dad            d&d 
dad'll      d&dL 
dad's       d&dz 
dada           d&d& 
dada's         d&d&z 
dadada         d&  d&  d& 
dadada's     d&  d&  d&z 
dadada@o      d&  d&  d& 
dadadada@o     d&  d&  d&  d& 
daddy          d&di 
daddy'd      d&did 
daddy's        d&diz 
daffodil     d&f6dIl 
daffodils      d&f6dIlz 
daffy        d&fi 
daily           deli 
dainty       denti 
dairy    d*i 
daisies        deziz 
daisy          dezi 
dakota       d6kota 
dakota's     d6kotaz 
dale           del 
dalmatian     d&lmeS~ 
dalmatians     d&lmeS~z 
damage       d&m6G 
damaged     d&m6Gd 
damages     d&m6G6z 
damaging     d&m6GIN 
dame     dem 
damn           d&m 
damp       d&mp 
dan            d&n 
dan's          d&nz 
dance          d&ns 
dances      d&ns6z 
dancing        d&nsIN 
dandelion    d&ndil9~ 
dandy    d&ndi 
dang            deN 
dangerous      denGR6s 
daniel    d&nyL 
danny	  d&ni
dapper         d&pR 
dare       d* 
daring      d*IN 
dark              d#k 
darling        d#lIN 
darn    d#n 
darnit	d#nIt
dat     d&t 
date           det 
daughter       dOtR 
david   devId 
davis     devIs 
davy	  devi
dawn     dOn 
dawn's     dOnz 
day            de 
day's      dez 
daycare    dek* 
daydreaming    dedrimIN 
days           dez 
daytime     det9m 
daze        dez 
dazey        dezi 
dead          dEd 
deal           dil 
dear           d( 
deborah      dEbr6 
debra      dEbr6 
december   disEmbR 
decent    dis~t 
decibels    dEs6bLz 
decide         dIs9d 
decided        dIs9dId 
decisions       dIsIZ~z 
deck    dEk 
declare         dIklEr 
declared       dIklErd 
declares         dIklErz 
declaring         dIklErIN 
decorating	  dEk6retIN
decoration    dEk#eS~ 
decorations      dEk%eS~z 
deep           dip 
deepest   dip6st 
deer        d( 
defender     dIfEndR 
definitely     dEf6nItli 
definition    dEf6nIS~ 
defrost      dIfrOst 
degree           dIgri 
degrees         dIgriz 
dehydrated   dih9dret6d 
delay          dIle 
delete      dIlit 
deleting    dIlitIN 
delicious      dIlIS6s 
delighted      dIl9tId 
deliver         dIlIvR 
delivers       dIlIvRz 
dell       dEl 
deluxe          dilAks 
demand   dIm&nd 
demolition       dEm6lIS~ 
demonstrate    dEm~stret 
dennis      dEnIs 
dense        dEns 
dentist        dEntIst 
dentist's      dEntIsts 
deny    dIn9 
depend         dIpEnd 
depended      dIpEnd6d 
depending      dIpEndIN 
depends        dIpEndz 
deposit     dIpazIt 
deprive     dIpr9v 
deprived   dIpr9vd 
derived       dIr9vd 
desert        dEz3t 
deserve     dIz3v 
design      dIz9n 
desire         dIz9R 
desitin       dEzItIn 
desk           dEsk 
despise    dIsp9z 
dessert        dIz3t 
destroy     dIstr7 
destroying    dIstr7IN 
destruction    dIstrAkS~ 
destructive        dIstrAktIv 
detergent          dItRGEnt        
detergents        dItRGEnts 
determine       dIt3m~ 
determined      dIt3m~d 
detour      dit# 
device      dIv9s 
devil      dEvL 
devon     dEv~ 
devotion   dIvoS~ 
devour      divQr 
dew       du 
dextrous       dEkstr6s 
dial           d9L 
dialect      d96lEkt 
dialing      d96lIN 
dials          d9Lz 
diamond     d9m~d 
diamonds    d9m~dz 
diaper         d9pR 
diapers        d9pRz 
diapie     d9pi 
diarrhea    d96ri6 
dickory     dIk3i 
dictionary   dIkS~*i 
did            dId 
diddle      dIdL 
didey       d9di 
dideys     d9diz 
didi@o     didi 
dididi@o    di  di  di 
didn't         dId~t 
die             d9 
died            d9d 
dieing       d9IN 
dies             d9z 
diesha      d9iS6 
diet             d96t 
dieting          d96tIN 
diets             d96ts 
difference     dIfr~s 
differences    dIfr~s6z 
different      dIfr~t 
differentiate  dIf6rEnSiet 
differently    dIfr~tli 
difficult      dIfIkAlt 
difficulty     dIfIkAlti 
dig            dIg 
digby          dIgbi 
digger     dIgR 
digging    dIgIN 
digits         dIGIt 
digs       dIgz 
dillards       dIlRdz 
dillon       dIl~ 
dillon's     dIl~z 
dimples    dImpLz 
ding        dIN 
dingdong    dINdaN
dining         d9nIN 
dinner         dInR 
dinners      dInRz 
dinnertime     dInRt9m 
dinosaur       d9n6s% 
dinosaur's     d9n6s%z 
dip       dIp 
dips     dIps 
dipsie    dIpsi 
dipsy    dIpsi 
direct    dIrEkt 
directing      dIrEktIN 
direction      dIrEkS~ 
directions     dIrEkS~z 
dirt           d3t 
dirt's      d3ts 
dirty          d3ti 
dis        dIs 
disappear       dIs6p( 
disappeared    dIs6p(d 
disappearing   dIs6p(IN 
disappointing   dIs6p7ntIN 
disaster          dIz&stR 
disc       dIsk 
discontent     dIsk~tEnt 
discover      dIskAvR 
discovered     dIskAvRd 
discoverer    dIskAvRR 
discovery     dIskAvRi 
discs      dIsks 
discuss     dIskAs 
discussed      dIskAst 
discussion      dIskAS~ 
disguised      dIsk9zd 
disgust           dIsgAst 
disgusted       dIsgAst6d 
disgusting       dIsgAstIN 
dish           dIS 
dishes          dIS6z 
dishrag    dISr&g 
dishwasher     dISwaSR 
disinfected     dIsInfEkt6d 
dismantle      dIsm&ntL 
dismay         dIsme 
disney         dIzni 
disney's      dizniz 
disobedient     dIsobidi~t 
disobey      dIsobe 
disposal    dIzpozL 
dispose      dIzpoz 
disposition   dIsp6zIS~ 
distinct       dIstINkt 
distinction    dIstINkS~ 
distinguishes  dIstINgwISIz 
distracted     dIstr&kt6d 
distracting    dIstr&ktIN 
distraction     dIstr&kS~ 
distracts      dIstr&kts 
disturb       dIst3b 
ditty      dIti 
dive           d9v 
dived     d9vd 
dives          d9vz 
divine     dIv9n 
diving         d9vIN 
dizzy     dIzi 
do             du 
do@si      do   si 
dock        dak 
doctor         daktR 
doctor's       daktRz 
dodge     daG 
does           dAz 
doesn't        dAz~t 
dog            dOg 
dog's          dOgz 
doggie         dOgi 
doggie's       dOgiz 
doggies        dOgiz 
doggone      dOgan 
doggy          dOgi 
doggy's        dOgiz 
doghouse       dOghQs 
dogs           dOgz 
doily	       d7li
doing          duIN 
doll           dal 
doll's         dalz 
dollar     dalR 
dollars        dalRz 
dollhouse      dalhQs 
dollie           dali 
dollie's        daliz 
dollies        daliz 
dolls          dalz 
dolly          dali 
dolly's        daliz 
dolphin        dalfIn 
dolphins     dalfInz 
dome     dom 
domestic       d6mEstIk 
don             dan 
don't          dont 
donald         danLd 
donald's     danLdz 
done           dAn 
dong     daN 
donkey   daNki 
donkeys  daNkiz 
donna    dan6 
donovan   dan6v~ 
donut          don6t 
doo    du 
doocr  d%  
doodle  dudL 
doodoo    dudu 
doopsie    dupsi 
door           d% 
door's         d%z 
doorbell       d%bEl 
doorbells      d%bElz 
doors          d%z 
doorstop    d%stap 
doorway        d%we 
doozy   duzi 
doremifasolatido@si    do  re  mi  fa  so  la  ti  do 
dorm   d#m 
dos      duz 
dot        dat 
doting     dotIN 
dotty   dati 
double         dAbL 
doubling       dAblIN 
doubt          dQt 
dough          do 
doughnut     donAt 
doughnuts    donAts 
dove      dov 
dover    dovR 
down           dQn 
downie     dQni 
download    dQnlod 
downloaded   dQnlod6d 
downstairs    dQnst*z 
downstream  dQnstrim 
downtown     dQntQn 
downy        dQni 
doze      doz 
dozen          dAz~ 
drag           dr&g 
dragged       dr&gd 
dragging       dr&gIN 
dragon         dr&g~ 
dragon's       dr&g~z 
dragonfly  dr&g~fl9 
dragons        dr&g~z 
drags            dr&gz 
drags          dr&gz 
drain   dren 
drainage    dren6G 
drama   dram6 
dramatic   drm&tIk 
drank    dr&Nk 
drape          drep 
draw           drO 
drawer        dr% 
drawers        dr%z 
drawing        drOIN 
draws          drOz 
dreadful    drEdfL 
dream      drim 
dreamed   drimd 
dreaming    drimIN 
dreams    drimz 
dreamy    drimi 
drenched     drEnct 
dress          drEs 
dressed        drEst 
dresser        drEsR 
dresses        drEsIz 
dressing      drEsIN 
drew     dru 
dried    dr9d 
drill   drIl 
drink          drINk 
drink's        drINks 
drinkie      drINki 
drinking       drINkIN 
drinks         drINks 
drip   drIp 
dripping   drIpIN 
drippy     drIpi 
drips    drIps 
drive          dr9v 
driver   dr9vR 
drives   dr9vz 
driveway       dr9vwe 
driving         dr9vIN 
drool  drul 
drooling   drulIN 
drooly       druli 
droopy     drupi 
drop           drap 
dropped        drapt 
dropping      drapIN 
drops   draps 
drove          drov 
drown    drQn 
drum           drAm 
drum's         drAmz 
drummer      drAmR 
drumming       drAmIN 
drummond       drAm~d 
drums     drAmz 
drumstick drAmstIk
drunk     drANk 
drunken   drANk~ 
dry            dr9 
dryer     dr9R 
drying    dr9IN 
drys   dr9z 
dub            dAb 
duck           dAk 
duckie         dAki 
duckie's    dAkiz 
duckies        dAkiz 
ducklings      dAklINz 
ducks          dAks 
dude     dud 
due           du 
dueling     dulIN 
dug   dAg 
dukes    duks 
dum      dAm 
dumb            dAm 
dumbo          dAmbo 
dummy   dAmi 
dump           dAmp 
dumped       dAmpt 
dumping    dAmpIN 
dumpling  dAmplIN 
dumpty         dAmpti 
dumpty's       dAmptiz 
duplo      duplo 
duress     d)Es 
during         d)IN 
dust    dAst 
dusted   dAst6d 
dusting    dAstIN 
dustpan     dAstp&n 
dusty       dAsti 
dvd             di  vi  di 
dwight    dw9t 
dya       dy6 
dye    d9 
dyed   d9d 
dyeisha       d9iS6 
dyeisha's     d9iS6z 
dyes     d9z 
dyiesha     d9iS6 
dying     d9IN 
e              i 
e@l            i 
e@l-s          i 
each           ic 
ear            ( 
ear's          (z 
earache     (ek 
eardrum    (drAm 
earlier        3liR 
early          3li 
earned       3nd 
earphones      (fonz 
earring      (IN 
earrings     (INz 
ears           (z 
earth         3T 
earthquake    3Tkwek 
ease    iz 
easier         iziR 
easiest        iziIst 
easily         izli 
easter       istR 
easy           izi 
eat            it 
eaten          it~ 
eater    itR 
eating         itIN 
eats           its 
ecosystem   ikosIstM 
ecta@q     Ekt6 
eddie      Edi 
eden     id~ 
edge     EG 
edges    Eg6z 
edible     Ed6bL 
educational    EGUkeS6nL 
edward         EdwRd 
eel       il 
eensie    insi 
eeyore    i# 
effort       EfRt 
efg@k    i  Ef  Gi 
egg            Eg 
eggfooyung    Eg  fu  yAN 
eggnog	      Egnag
eggs           Egz 
eh       E 
eight          et 
eighteen       etin 
eighth     eT 
either         iDR 
el               El 
elastic        Il&stIk 
elbow       Elbo 
elbows     Elboz 
eleanor        El6nR 
electrical      IlEktrIkL 
electrician     IlEktrIS~ 
electricity       IlEktrIsIti 
electrocute        IlEktrpkyut 
electrocuted      IlEktrokyut6d 
electrolytes      IlEktrol9ts 
electronically    IlEktranIkli 
elegant    El6g~t 
elephant       El6f~t 
elephant's    El6f~ts 
elephants      El6f~ts 
eleven         IlEv~ 
eleventh    IlEv~T 
elijah     Il9G6 
elisse      Elis 
elizabeth     IlIz6bET 
elizabeth's   IlIz6bETs 
ella           El6 
ellie          Eli 
elmo          Elmo 
elmo's      Elmoz 
else           Els 
else's         ElsIz 
eluded         IludId 
elves    Elvz 
email    imel 
embarrassed   Emb*6st 
emergency      Im3G~si 
emerson	       Em3s~
emily       EmIli 
emmy    Emi 
emmy's   Emiz 
emote          Imot 
emotional    ImoS~L 
emperor's    EmpRRz 
empty    Empti 
emptying EmptiIN
enamel    In&mL 
encourage      Enk3IG 
encouraged     Enk3IGd 
encouraging    Enk3IGIN 
end            End 
ended          EndId 
endlessly     Endl6sli 
ends           Endz 
enemy     En6mi 
energy         EnRGi 
engine         EnG~ 
english        INglIS 
enjoy          EnG7 
enjoyed        EnG7d 
enjoying       EnG7IN 
enjoys         EnG7z 
enormous    In#m6s 
enough         InAf 
enter            EntR 
entered        EntRd 
entering        EntRIN 
enters          EntRz 
entertained     EntRtend 
entertaining    EntRtenIN 
entertainment  EntRtenm~t 
enthusiastic   EnTuzi&stIk 
entice         Ent9s 
entire     Ent9r 
entirely    Ent9rli 
entrance   Entr~s 
entrapment    Entr&pm~t 
entry      Entri 
envelope    Env6lop 
envelopes    Env6lops 
environment    Env9r~m~t 
equipment      IkwIpm~t 
er         3 
eraser	   ires~
eric     ErIk 
erin              ErIn 
ernie          3ni 
ernie's        3niz 
escape    Eskep 
escaped    Eskept 
especially     IspES6li 
estate       Estet 
eternal     it3nL 
etti     Eti 
european      yUr6pi6n 
evaporate       Iv&pRet 
evaporated      Iv&pRet6d 
eve  iv 
eve'll	iv6l
eve's	ivz
even           iv~ 
evening        ivnIN 
event          IvEnt 
eventually   IvEnc6li 
ever           EvR 
every          Evri 
everybody      Evribadi 
everybody's    Evribadiz 
everyday       Evride
everyone       EvriwAn 
everyone's     EvriwAnz 
everyplace     Evriples 
everything     EvriTIN 
everything's     EvriTINz 
everywhere     Evriw* 
evil                ivL 
ew       u 
ewe      yu 
ewie     yui 
exact   Igz&kt 
exactly        Igz&ktli 
exalted   Igzalt6d 
examples       Igz&mpLz 
excellent     EgsEl~t 
except         IksEpt 
excess    EksEs 
excited        Iks9tId 
excitement   Iks9tm~t 
exciting       Iks9tIN 
excuse          Iksyus 
excuses        IkskyusIz 
exercise       EksRs9z 
exercises     Eks3s9z6z 
exercising   Eks3s9zIN 
exersaucer   Eks3sOsR 
exert          Igz3t 
exhibits     EgzIbIts 
exists     IgzIsts 
exodus    Eksod6s 
expect         IkspEkt 
expectations   IkspEkteS~z 
expected       IkspEkt6d 
expecting      IkspEctIN 
expects          IkspEkts 
expedition      Eksp6dIS~ 
expensive      IkspEnsIv 
experience     Iksp(i~s 
experiment    Iksp*Im~t 
explain        Iksplen 
explanation   Ikspl6neS~ 
exploded    Iksplod6d 
explore        Ikspl% 
exploring      Ikspl%IN 
explosion     IksploZ~ 
exposed        Ikspozd 
express           IksprEs 
expresses         IksprEs6z 
expression     IksprES~ 
extent         IkstEnt 
external    Ikst3nL 
extinguisher     EkstINgwISR 
extra    Ekstr6 
extract         Ekstr&kt 
extracted     Ekstr&kt6d 
extracting       Ekstr&ktIN 
extracts          Ekstr&kts 
extraordinarily Ikstr%d~*6li 
extraordinary  Ikstr%d~*i 
extremely     Ikstrimli 
eye            9 
eyeball     9bOl 
eyebrow     9brQ 
eyebrows   9brQz 
eyeglass    9gl&s 
eyeglasses   9gl&s6z 
eyeore      i# 
eyes           9z 
eyesight    9s9t 
eyore      i# 
eyore's     i#z 
f       Ef 
f@l            Ef 
fa@si       fasi 
fabulous    f&byul6s 
face           fes 
facecloth      fesklaT 
faced        fest 
faces        fes6s 
facie       fesi 
facing      fesIN 
fact           f&kt 
fade       fed 
fair           f* 
fairies        f*iz 
fairly     f*li 
fairy           f*i 
faithful      feTfL 
fake           fek 
faked        fekt 
faker         fekR 
fakes         feks 
faking           fekIN 
fall           fOl 
fallen    fOl~ 
falling        fOlIN 
falls      fOlz 
false     fOls 
familiar       f6mIlyR 
families    f&mliz 
family         f&mli 
famous   fem6s 
fan            f&n 
fan's        f&nz 
fancy          f&nsi 
fanny     f&ni 
fantabalocious  f&nt&b6loS6s 
fantastic      f&nt&stIk 
far            f# 
faraway    f#6we 
farm           f#m 
farmer       f#mR 
farmer's    f#mRz 
farmyard    f#my#d 
fart     f#t 
farted   f#t6d 
farther   f#DR 
fartie   f#ti 
fascinated     f&s6netId 
fascinating     f&s6netIN 
fascination    f&s6neS~ 
fast           f&st 
fasten    f%s~ 
fastens    f%s~z 
faster         f&stR 
fat            f&t 
fates    fets 
father         faDR 
father's    faDRz 
fathers    faDRz 
fault          fOlt 
favor     fevR 
favorite       fevrIt 
favorites      fevrIts 
favoritest  fevrIt6st 
fawn     fOn 
faye  fe 
fear    f( 
feast   fist 
feather        fEDR 
feathers    fEDRz 
feathery  fEDRi 
fed            fEd 
fee              fi 
feed           fid 
feeder     fidR 
feeding        fidIN 
feeds          fidz 
feel           fil 
feeling        filIN 
feelings    filINz 
feels          filz 
fees            fiz 
feet           fit 
feet'll    fitL 
feetie  fiti 
feeties fitiz 
feets         fits 
feetsies   fitsiz 
feisty  f9sti 
fell           fEl 
fella  fEl6 
fellow  fElo 
felt           fElt 
fence    fEnts 
fenced    fEntst 
fennel   fenL 
ferocious      f6roS6s 
ferris   fErIs 
ferry    fEri 
fetch    fEtc 
fettuccini   fEt6cini 
fever      fivR 
few            fyu 
fiber            f9bR 
fickle    fIkL 
fiddle   fIdL 
fiddles     fIdLz 
fido   f9do 
field     fild 
fifferfefferfeff     fIfR  fEfR  fEf 
fifteen       fIftin 
fifteenth       fIftinT 
fifth          fIfT 
fiftieth  fIfiET 
fifty          fIfti 
fig   fIg 
fight     f9t 
fighter  f9tR 
fighting  f9tIN 
figs   fIgz 
figure         fIgyR 
figured        fIgyRd 
figures        fIgyRz 
figuring     fIgyRIN 
fill           fIl 
filled         fIld 
filling         fIlIN 
film      fIlm 
filthy  fIlTi 
fin   fIn 
finally        f9nLi 
find           f9nd 
finding        f9ndIN 
findow@n    fIndo 
finds  f9ndz 
fine           f9n 
finger         fINgR 
finger's       fINgRz
fingernail   fINgRnel 
fingernails   fINgRnelz 
fingerprints   fINgRprInts 
fingers        fINgRz 
finicky  fInIki 
finish         fInIS 
finished       fInISt 
finishes       fInIS6z
finishing  fInISIN 
fins   fInz 
fiona    fion6 
fir    fR 
fire           f9R 
firefly   f9rfl9 
fireplace     f9rples 
fires    f9rz 
firetruck     f9rtrAk
firmly   fRmli 
first          f3st 
fish           fIS 
fishbowl   fISbol 
fisher         fISR 
fishes   fIS6z 
fishie         fISi 
fishie's fISiz 
fishies    fISiz 
fishing        fISIN 
fist     fIst 
fists    fIsts 
fit            fIt 
fits    fIts 
fitti   fIti 
fitting   fItIN 
fittis  fItIs 
fitzgerald   fItzG*6ld 
fitzpatrick's  fItsp&trIks 
five           f9v 
fix            fIks 
fixable    fIks6bL 
fixed          fIkst 
fixes          fIks6z 
fixing        fIksIN 
fixit    fIksIt 
flag   fl&g 
flair          fl* 
flairs         fl*z 
flakes   fleks 
flamingo    fl6mINgo 
flap           fl&p 
flaps   fl&ps 
flash   fl&S 
flashcard       fl&Sk#d 
flashes  fl&S6z 
flashlight  fl&Sl9t 
flat           fl&t 
flavor     flevR 
flavored   flevRd 
flavorful    flevRfL 
fleas      fliz 
fleet   flit 
flew    flu 
flicked  flIkt 
flip            flIp 
flipflop   flIpflap 
flipflops   flIpflaps 
flipping    flIpIN 
flips          flIps 
flirting   fl)tIN 
float          flot 
floating   flotIN 
floats   flots 
floor          fl% 
floor's   fl%z 
floors         fl%z 
flop   flap 
floppy   flapi 
flopsy   flapsi 
flouncy  flQntsi 
flour  flQr 
flow   flo 
flower         flQR 
flower's   flQRz 
flowers        flQRz 
flowing    floIN 
flows  floz 
fluff           flAf 
fluffy         flAfi 
fluids         fluIdz 
flush   flAS 
flutter  flAtR 
flutters  flAtRz 
fly            fl9 
flyer    fl9R 
flying         fl9IN 
flys   fl9z 
flyswatter  fl9swatR 
foam   fom 
focussed  fokAst 
fold           fold 
folded         foldId 
folding  foldIN 
folks   foks 
follow         falo 
followed    falod 
following      falowIN 
follows        faloz 
followtheleader  falo  D6  lidR 
food           fud 
foods  fudz 
fool           ful 
fooled    fuld 
fooling        fulIN 
foot           fUt 
foot's         fUts 
football fUtbOl 
footie   fUti 
footprints   fUtprInts 
foots  fUts 
footsies  fUtsiz 
for            f% 
foraging    f%6GIN 
forbidden   f%bId~ 
forced   f%st 
forcing  f%sIN 
forehead   f&hEd 
forest         f%Ist 
forever   f%EvR 
forget         fRgEt 
forgets   fRgEts 
forgetting  fRgEtIN 
forgive   fRgIV 
forgoodnesssake	f% gUdn6s sek
forgot         fRgat 
forgotten      fRgat~ 
fork           f%k 
forks  f%ks 
formal         f%mL 
formed   f%md 
formula        f%my6l6 
formula's  f%my6l6z 
formulated   f%my6let6d 
forsake    f%sek 
forth          f%T 
fortune     f%cun 
forty          f%ti 
forum    f%M 
forward   f%w3d 
fossil   fasL 
foul     fQl 
found          fQnd 
foundation   fQndeS~ 
fountain    fQnt~ 
four           f% 
fours    f%z 
fourteen   f%tin 
fourteen  f%tin 
fourteenth  f%tinT 
fourth    f%T 
fourths   f%Ts 
fox     faks 
foxes     faks6z 
frame   frem 
frank   fr&Nk 
frankly        fr&Nkli 
fraser	       frezR
fraser'll      frezRL
fraser's       frezRz
freak    frik 
freaking  frikIN 
fred     frEd 
freddy         frEdi 
freddy's       frEdiz 
free           fri 
freedom   fridAm 
freeze      friz 
freezer   frizR 
french         frEnc 
fresh           frES 
friction    frIkc~ 
friday         fr9de 
fridge    frIG 
fried            fr9d 
friend         frEnd 
friend's       frEndz 
friendly       frEndli 
friends        frEndz 
fries            fr9z 
frighten       fr9t~ 
frightened     fr9t~d 
frill    frIl 
frilly    frIli 
frilly's   frIliz 
frisbee   frIzbi 
frog           frOg 
frog's         frOgz 
froggie        frOgi 
froggie's    frOgiz 
froggy	     frOgi
frogs     frOgz 
from           fr6m 
front          frAnt 
fronts     frAnts 
frontsies    frAntsiz 
froot     frut 
frosting     frastIN 
frosty     frasti 
frown      frQn 
froze      froz 
frozen         froz~ 
fruit            frut 
fruits     fruts 
frustrated     frAstret6d 
frustrating    frAstretIN 
frutti     fruti 
fry         fr9 
frying       fr9IN 
fufu@c    fufu 
full           fUl 
fumble    fAmbL 
fun            fAn 
function       fANkS~z 
functions      fANkS~z 
funniest    fAniEst 
funny          fAni 
fur            f3 
furby     f3bi 
furious    fy3i6s 
furniture      f3nIcR 
furry          f3i 
further     f3TR 
fuss      fAs 
fussbucket     fAsbAk6t 
fussed     fAst 
fusser     fAsR 
fussies     fAsiz 
fussing     fAsIN 
fussings     fAsINz 
fusspot    fAspat 
fussy         fAsi 
futon    futan 
future     fyucR 
fuzz           fAz 
fuzzies     fAziz 
fuzzy          fAzi 
g	       Gi
g@l            Gi 
gabby       g&bi 
gabby's     g&biz 
gaga      gaga 
gail           gel 
gail's         gelz 
gained     gend 
galleria    g&lRi6 
galley     g&li 
galoshes   g6laS6z 
game           gem 
games          gemz 
gap    g&p 
garage         g6raG 
garbage     g#b6G 
garden         g#d~ 
garden's       g#d~z 
garland     g#l&nd 
garlic    g#lIk 
garret's    g*Ets 
garrett    g*Et 
gas           g&s 
gasped    g&spt 
gastroenteritis g&stroEnt6r9tIs 
gat     g&t 
gate             get 
gate's            gets 
gates    gets 
gather    g&DR 
gathered       g&DRd 
gatorade    getRed 
gave           gev 
gazing    gezIN 
gear            g( 
gears    g(z 
gee    Gi 
geese          gis 
gels    GElz 
gene   Gin 
general        GEnRL 
generally      GEnR6li 
generate    GenRet 
generations   GenReS~z 
generous       GEnR6s 
genesis     GEn6sIs 
genie    Gini 
genie's   Giniz 
genius    Giny6s 
gentle         GEntL 
gentleman   GentLm~ 
gentlemen   GentLmEn
gently    Gentli 
george   G%G 
georgia   G%Gy6 
gerber          gRbR 
gesundheit   g6zAndh9t 
get            gEt 
getieup   gEtiAp 
gets           gEts 
getting        gEtIN 
ghetto    gEto 
ghost   gost 
giant    G9~t 
gibberish   GIb3IS 
giddyup    gIdiAp 
gift    gIft 
gifts          gIfts 
gigantic   G9g&ntIk 
giggle   gIgL 
gigglegigglegoogaga  gIgL  gIgL  gu  gaga 
gigglegigglegoogoo  gIgL  gIgL  gu  gu 
gigglegigglegoogooga  gIgL  gIgL  gu  gu  ga 
gigglegigglegoogoogoo   gIgL  gIgL  gu  gu  gu 
giggles  gIgLz 
gigi           GiGi 
gigi's         GiGiz 
gimme        gImi 
gimmick  gImIk 
gimmicks   gImIks 
ginger	   GinGR
ginger's       GInGRz 
giraffe   G6r&f 
giraffe's   G6r&fs 
giraffes   G6r&fs 
girded   g3d6d 
girder   g3dR 
girl           g3l 
girl's    g3lz 
girla   g3l6 
girlfriend   g3lfrEnd 
girlie          g3li 
girls          g3lz 
git    gIt 
give           gIv 
given          gIv~ 
giver    gIvR 
gives          gIvz 
giving         gIvIN 
glad           gl&d 
gladys    gl&d6s 
glass          gl&s 
glasses        gl&sIz 
globe    glob 
gloomy    glumi 
glorified    gl%If9d 
glorify    gl%If9 
glorious    gl%i6s 
glory    gl%i 
gloss            glOs 
glosses          glOs6z 
glove   glAv 
gloves   glAvz 
glubglub   glAb  glAb 
glue   glu 
glued   glud 
glump    glAmp 
gnat   n&t 
go             go 
goading   godIN 
goal          gol 
goat    got 
goats   gots 
gobble   gabL 
god            gad 
god's   gadz 
godmother   gadmADr 
gods   gadz 
godzilla   gadzIl6 
goers   goRz 
goes           goz 
goggles   gagLz 
going          goIN 
gold    gold 
golden         gold~ 
goldfish        goldfIS 
goldie   goldi 
goldilocks   goldilaks 
goldrush     goldrAS
golf    gOlf 
golly   gali 
gone           gOn 
gonna          g6n6 
gonzales        gOnzalEz 
good           gUd 
goodamus   gUd6m6s 
goodbye        gUdb9 
goodest   gUd6st 
goodie	  gUdi
goodness       gUdnIs
goodnesssakes  gUdnIs seks 
goodnight   gUd  n9t 
goody   gUdi 
goof    guf 
goofy   gufi 
goofy's   gufiz 
google   gugL 
googoo gu  gu 
googooeyed  gugu9d 
googoogigglegaga  gu  gu  gIgL  ga  ga 
googoogigglegagagiggle gu  gu  gIgL  ga  ga  gIgL 
googoogoggles   gu  gu  gagLz 
goopy   gupi 
goose          gus 
gooseberry  gusb*i 
goosie   gusi 
gopher	 gofR
gordon    g%d~ 
gorgeous       g%G6s 
gorilla   g6rIl6 
gorillas   g6rIl6z 
gosh   gAS 
got            gat 
gotcha       gatc6
gots   gats 
gotta         gat6 
gotten         gat~ 
gown    gQn 
gowns   gQnz 
grab           gr&b 
grabbed        gr&bd 
grabbing       gr&bIN 
grabs   gr&bz 
grace   gres 
gracefully   gresfLi 
gracious  greS6s 
grade  gred 
gradually   gr&G6li 
graduation gr&GueS~ 
graham   gr&m 
grahamcracker gr&m kr&kR
grahamcrackers	   gr&m kr&k3z  
grain   gren 
gram    gr&m 
grammatical    gr6m&tIkL 
grammatically  gr6m&tIkli 
grammie        gr&mi 
grammy         gr&mi 
gramps         gr&mps 
grams   gr&mz 
grand   gr&nd 
grandad   gr&nd&d 
grandaddy      gr&nd&di 
granddaddy     gr&nd&di 
grandma        gr&nma 
grandma's      gr&nmaz 
grandmama  gr&ndmam6 
grandmother   gr&ndmADR 
grandmother's  gr&nmADR 
grandpa        gr&mpa 
grandpa's   gr&mp6z 
grandparents   gr&np*~ts 
grandpas   gr&np6z 
granma	   gr&nm6
grannie	   gr&ni
granny          gr&ni 
granny's        gr&niz 
granola   gr6nol6
granpa	  gr&np6 
grant   gr&nt 
grape          grep 
grapefruit   grepfrut 
grapes         greps 
grasp          gr&sp 
grass   gr&s 
grasses  gr&s6z 
grasshopper        gr&shapR 
grate        gret 
grateful        gretfL 
gratefully        gretfLi 
grater        gretR 
gratings    gretINz 
gravel        gr&vL 
gravity        gr&vIti 
gravy        grevi 
gray           gre 
grayish        greIS 
grease        gris 
greasy        grisi 
great          gret 
greatest        gret6st 
greatly        gretli 
greats        grets 
greece        gris 
greedy        gridi 
greek        grik 
green          grin 
greg          grEg 
gregory        grEg%i 
gregory's        grEg%iz 
gretel         grEtL 
grew        gru 
grey           gre 
grief        grif 
griffin        grIf~ 
grill             grIl 
grilled        grIld 
grin         grIn 
grinch        grInc 
grinchie        grInci 
grind        gr9nd 
grinding   gr9ndIN 
grip        grIp 
grit        grIt 
grits        grIts 
gritty        grIti 
groaning     gronIN 
groceries      grosriz 
grocery           grosri 
gross            gros 
grouch                grQc 
groucho        grQco 
grouchy        grQci 
ground         grQnd 
groundhog        grQndhOg 
group          grup 
groupings      grupINz 
grover         grovR 
grow           gro 
growing        groIN 
growl        grQl 
growled        grQld 
growling        grQlIN 
grown           gron 
grownups        gronAps 
growth        groT 
grumpy        grAmpi 
grundy        grAndi 
grunt            grAnt 
grunted        grAnt6d 
grunting       grAntIN 
grunts           grAnts 
guard        g#d 
guards        g#dz 
gucci            guci 
guess          gEs 
guest        gEst 
guests        gEsts 
guide          g9d 
guilty        gIlti 
guitar        gIt# 
gum         gAm 
gummies        gAmiz 
gump        gAmp 
gums           gAmz 
gun           gAn 
guns           gAnz 
gus            gAs 
guy            g9 
guy's          g9z 
guys           g9z 
guzenheit@s        gEzUnt9t 
gym            GIm 
h	       ec
h@l            ec 
ha         ha 
habit    h&bIt 
habits        h&bIts 
had            h&d 
hades        hediz 
hadn't         h&d~t 
hafta        h&ft6 
hag        h&g 
haha        ha  ha 
hailey        heli  
hair           h* 
hair's         h*z 
hairbrush      h*brAS 
haircut        h*kAt 
hairdo        h*du 
haired        h*d 
hairie    h*i 
hairies         h*riz 
hairs        h*rz   
hairy        h*ri 
hakunamatata@si        h6kUn6  m6tat6 
haley's        heliz 
half           h&f 
halfs         h&fs 
halfsister        h&fsIstR 
halfway        h&fwe 
hall        hOL 
halle@si halE 
hallehallehalle@si halE  halE  halE 
hallelujah        halEluya  
halloween      h&lowin 
hallway hOlwe  
halo helo 
ham            h&m 
hamburger        h&mb3gR 
hammer         h&mR 
hammock        h&mAk 
hamster	       h&mstR
hand           h&nd 
hand's         h&ndz 
handbook        h&ndbUk 
handed         h&ndId 
handfuls       h&ndfUlz 
handicapped    h&ndik&pt 
handing        h&ndIN 
handkerchiefs        h&NkRcifs 
handle          h&ndL 
handlebars        h&ndLbarz 
handled         h&ndLd 
handles        h&ndLz 
handling       h&ndLIN 
handmedown     h&ndmidQn 
handmedowns        h&ndmidQnz 
hands          h&ndz 
handsie        h&ndzi 
handsies        h&ndziz 
handsome      h&nsAm 
handy        h&ndi 
handyman h&ndim&n 
hang           h&N 
hanger        heNgR 
hanger's        heNgRz 
hangers        heNgRz 
hanging        h&NIN 
hangs          h&Nz 
hannah        h&n6 
hannah's h&n6z 
hansel         h&nsL 
happen         h&p~ 
happened       h&p~d 
happening      h&p6nIN 
happens        h&p~z 
happiest        h&pi6st 
happily        h&p6li 
happiness        h&pinEs 
happy          h&pi 
happybirthday        h&pi b3Tde 
hard           h#d 
harder         h#dR 
hardest        h#dIst 
hardheaded      h#dhEd6d 
hardly         h#dli 
hare        h*         
hare's        h*z
harmful        h#mfL 
harmless        h#mlEs         
harmonica        h#manIk6 
harness        h#nIs 
harry        h*ri 
hart	     h#t
harvard        h#vRd 
harvest        h#vEst 
has            h&z 
hash        h&S 
hasn't         h&z~t 
hassle hezL 
hat            h&t 
hat's	       h&ts
hatchling        h&cllN 
hate           het 
hated          hetId 
hates          hets 
hats           h&ts 
have           h&v 
haven't        h&v~t 
having         h&vIN 
hawk hOk 
hawn        hOn  
hay        he 
hayley        heli 
haystack        hest&k 
haystacks        hest&ks 
hazard        h&z3d 
he             hi 
he'd           hid 
he'll          hil 
he's           hiz 
head           hEd 
headache        hEdek                 
headache        hEdek                 
headband        hEdb&nd 
headband        hEdb&nd 
headbutt        hEdbAt 
headbutt        hEdbAt 
headbutted        hEdbAt6d 
headbutted        hEdbAt6d 
headbutting        hEdbAtIN 
headbutting        hEdbAtIN 
headbutts        hEdbAts 
headbutts        hEdbAts 
headed       hEd6d 
heading        hEdIN 
headphones        hEdfonz 
headphones        hEdfonz 
heads          hEdz 
heal        hil         
heal        hil         
heals        hilz        
heals        hilz        
health        hElT         
health        hElT         
healthy        hElTi 
healthy        hElTi 
heap        hip 
heap        hip 
heaped        hipt  
heaped        hipt  
hear           h( 
heard          h3d 
hearing        h(IN 
hearing        h(IN  
hears          h(z 
heart          h#t 
heart's        h#ts 
heart's        h#ts 
heartbeat        h#bit 
heartbeat        h#bit 
heartie        h#ti 
heartie        h#ti 
heat        hit 
heat        hit 
heated        hit6d 
heated        hit6d 
heater        hitR 
heater        hitR 
heater's        hitRz 
heater's        hitRz 
heating        hitIn 
heating        hitIn 
heaven        hEvEn 
heaven        hEvEn 
heavenly        hEvEnLi 
heavenly        hEvEnLi 
heavens        hEv~ 
heavier        hEviR 
heavier        hEviR 
heavy          hEvi 
hebrews        hibruz 
hebrews        hibruz 
hedgehog        hEGhag         
hedgehog        hEGhag         
hedgehog's        hEGhagz 
hedgehog's        hEGhagz 
hee        hi 
hee        hi 
heel's        hilz 
heel's        hilz 
heels         hilz 
height        h9t 
height        h9t 
heinie        h9ni 
heinie        h9ni 
held        hEld 
helicopter        hElikaptR
hell        hEl 
hello          hElo 
helmet        hElmIt 
help           hElp 
helped         hElpt 
helper        hElpR 
helpful        hElpfL 
helping        hElpIN        
helps          hElps 
helter        hEltR 
hen          hEn 
henry        hEnri 
henry's        hEnriz
hens          hEnz 
her            h3 
hera        hEr6 
hercules        h3ky6liz 
here           h( 
here're       h(R 
here's         h(z 
heres        h3z    
heros        h3oz 
hers           h3z 
herself        hRsElf 
hey            he 
heybie         hebi 
hi             h9 
hicciuppies   hIkiApiz 
hiccihicciuppies hIki  hIkiApiz 
hiccup        hIkAp 
hiccups        hIkAps 
hickies        hIkiz 
hickieuppies        hIkiApiz 
hickory        hIk%i 
hid        hId 
hidden        hId~ 
hide           h9d 
hideandseek        h9d  &nd  sik 
hiding         h9dIN 
high           h9 
highchair      h9c* 
highchairs     h9c*z 
higher         h9R 
highest        h9Est 
highfive      h9f9v 
highfives     h9f9vz 
hijklmnop@k  ec  9  Ge  ke  El  Em  En  o  pi 
hike        h9k 
hikers        h9kRz  
hill        hIl         
hills        hIlz 
him            hIm 
himself        hImsElf 
hinge        hInG 
hint        hInt 
hip      hIp 
hippety        hIpEti 
hippity	       hIp6ti
hippo        hIpo 
hippopotamus        hIpopat6m6s 
hippos        hIpoz 
hips        hIps 
hired        h9rd 
his            hIz 
hisself        hisElf 
hit            hIt 
hits        hIts 
hitting        hItIN 
hiya        h9y6 
hmm        hM 
hmmthat's        hM  D&ts 
ho        ho 
hoe        ho 
hog        hag 
hogging        hagIN         
hogwash        hagwaS 
hokey          hoki 
hold           hold 
holder        holdR 
holding        holdIN 
holds          holdz 
holdup        holdAp 
hole           hol 
holes          holz 
holey        holi        
holiday        hOlIde 
holler        hOlR 
hollering        hOlRIN 
holly        hOli 
hollyhock        hOlihak 
hollywood        hOliwUd 
holy        holi 
home           hom 
homemade       hommed 
homes          homz 
homework        homw3k         
honestly        anEstli 
honey          hAni 
honey's        hAniz
honeysuckle hAnisAkL
honk        haNk 
honker        haNkR 
honking        haNkIN 
hoo@o         hu 
hoochie huci 
hoochoo        hucu 
hood        hUd     
hook           hUk 
hooked        hUkt 
hooking      hUkIN 
hooks         hUks 
hoop        hup 
hoops        hups 
hooray        hure  
hoot        hut 
hop             hap 
hope           hop 
hoped          hopt 
hopeful        hopfL 
hopefully    hopfLli 
hopes          hops 
hophop        haphap 
hopie         hopi 
hoping         hopIN 
hopped          hapt 
hoppety        hapIti 
hopping          hapIN 
hoppity        hapIti 
hoppy        hapi 
hops             haps 
hopscotch      hapskac 
horn        h%n  
horner        h%nR 
horns        h%nz 
horrible        h%IbL 
horribly        h%IbLi 
horse          h%s 
horseradish  h%sr&dIS 
horses         h%sIz 
horsie         h%si 
horsie's       h%siz 
horsieback        h%sIb&k 
horsies        h%sIz         
hose        hoz 
hospital        haspItL 
hostas        hOst6z 
hostile hastIl 
hosts        hosts 
hot            hat 
hotdog        hatdag 
hotmitt hatmIt 
hots        hats         
hound        hQnd 
hour           QR 
hours        QRz 
house          hQs 
housecoat        hQskot 
houses         hQsIz 
how            hQ 
how'd          hQd 
how're        hQ# 
how's          hQz 
however        hQEvR 
howling        hQlIN 
hows        hQz 
huber        hubR         
hubers        hubRz 
hue        hu 
huff        hAf 
huffed        hAft 
hug            hAg 
huge           hyuG 
hugged        hAgd 
hugger        hAgR 
hugging hAgIN 
huggy          hAgi 
hugs           hAgz 
huh             hA 
hum        hAm 
human          hyum~ 
humm	       hAm
humming        hAmIN 
humor        humR 
hump        hAmp 
humpty         hAmpti 
hundred         hAndrEd 
hundreds         hAndrEdz 
hung        hAN 
hungrier       hANgriR 
hungry         hANgri 
hunhunh        AnAn 
hunkamunka hAnk6mANk6 
hunt        hAnt 
hunting        hAntIN 
hurley's       h3liz 
hurray        h3re 
hurried       h3rid 
hurries        h3riz 
hurry           h3ri 
hurrying      h3riIN 
hurt           h3t 
hurting        h3tIN 
hurts        h3ts 
husband        hAzb~d 
husband's      hAzb~dz 
hush        hAS 
hut        hAt 
hydrant h9drEnt 
hydrogen        h9dr6GEn 
hyena        h9in6 
hymnal        hImnL 
hyper        h9pR 
hypoallergenic        h9po&lRGEnIk 
i              9 
i-s	       9z
i'd            9d 
i'll           9l 
i'm            9m 
i've           9v 
i@l            9 
iago        yago 
ice            9s 
icecream       9skrim
icecube	       9skyub
icecubes       9skyubz
iceskating     9sketIN
ichabod        Ik6bad 
icie        9si 
icing	    9sIN
icky        Iki 
icy                9si 
idea           9di6 
ideas        9di6z 
identify       9dEnt6f9 
idiot        Idi6t 
if             If 
ignorance        Ign36nts 
ignore        Ign% 
ignoring        Ign%IN 
iguana        Igwan6 
ijklmnop@k        9  Ge  ke  El   Em  En o  pi   
ill        Il 
illusory        IluzRi  
illustrated IlAstretEd 
imaginary      Im&G6n*i 
imagination    Im&G6neS~ 
imagine        Im&GIn 
imagining        Im&GInIN
imitate        ImItet 
imitates        ImItets 
imitating        ImitetIN 
imitative      ImItetIv 
immediately    ImidiItli 
implies        Impl9z 
important      Imp%t~t 
impossibility        Impas6bIl6ti 
impossible        Impas6bL  
imposter        Imp6stR  
impressed        ImprEst 
improper        ImprapR 
improperly     ImprapRli 
improves       Impruvz
in             In 
inanimate      In&n6mIt 
inappropriate  In6propriIt 
incessently    InsEs~tli 
inches           Inc6z 
inching        IncIN  
inchworm         Incw3m 
including      InkludIN 
income         InkAm 
increase        Inkris 
incredible     InkrEd6bL 
incredibly     InkrEd6bli 
indeed        Indid  
indeedie         Indidi 
independent        Ind6pEndEnt 
independently         Ind6pEndEntli  
indestructible        IndistrAkt6bL  
india        Indi6  
indian         Indi~ 
indians        Indi~z  
indigo        IndIgo 
individual     Ind6vIGL 
individuals   Ind6vIGLz 
indoors         Ind%z 
inexpensive        InIkspEnsIv  
infant        Inf~t  
infantry        Inf~tri  
infection        InfEkS~  
infections        InfEkS~z  
infinity        InfIn6ti  
inflicting        InflIktIN  
influence        Influ~ts 
inform        Inf%m 
informed     Inf%md 
informing     Inf%mIN 
informs         Inf%mz 
infrastructures        Infr6strAkcRz 
initiated      InISietId 
injuries        InGRiz 
injury          InGRi 
ink            iNk 
inning         InIN 
innocent        In6s~t 
innovative        InovetIv
input         InpUt 
inside         Ins9d 
insist        InsIst  
insistent        InsIstEnt 
insists        InsIsts 
inspire        Insp9R 
instance       Inst~s 
instantly        Inst~tli 
instead        InstEd 
instructions InstrAkS~z 
instrument    InstrAmNt 
instruments  InstrAmNts 
intense        IntEnts 
intent        IntEnt  
interaction    IntR&kS~ 
interest       IntrIst 
interested     Intr6stId 
interesting    Intr6stIN 
internet        IntRnEt 
interpret      Int3prIt 
interrupt        IntRApt 
into           Intu 
intrigued      Intrigd 
introduced     Intr6dust 
invent        InvEnt 
invented        InvEnt6d 
investigate InvEst6get 
investigator        InvEst6getR  
invisible        InvIsIbL 
invitation       InvIteS~ 
invitations     InvIteS~z 
invited        Inv9t6d 
invites         Inv9ts 
inviting         Inv9tIN 
involved       Invalvd 
involves       Invalvz 
iron           9Rn 
ironed        9Rnd 
ironing        9RnIN 
irons          9Rnz 
irritable         Irit6bL 
irritate        (Itet 
irritated       (Itet6d 
irritates       (Itets 
irritating      (ItetIN 
is             Iz 
isaac        9zIk  
isabel         Iz6bL 
isaiah        Ise6  
island        Il~d  
island's         Il~dz 
isn't          Iz~t 
israel        IzrEL  
israelite         Izrel9t 
it             It 
it'd        It6d 
it'll          ItL 
it's           Its 
italian        It&ly~ 
italy        ItLi 
itch          Itc 
itches        IcIz 
itching        IcIN  
itchy        Ici  
items        9tMz 
its            Its 
itself        ItsElf  
itsy        Itsi 
itty         Iti 
ivy        9vi 
j        Ge 
j's        Gez 
j@l            Ge 
jabbering      G&bRIN 
jack           G&k 
jacket         G&kIt 
jackets        G&kIts 
jackie         G&ki 
jackrabbit        G&kr&bIt  
jacks        G&ks  
jacob        G&k6b  
jacob's        G&k6bz 
jafar        G6f#  
jafar's        G6f#z  
jail        Gel 
jake           Gek 
jam            G&m 
james        Gemz 
jammie@s        G&mi 
jammies        G&miz 
jane        Gen 
jane's Genz 
janie's Geniz 
jar            G# 
jarred        G#d          
jars           G#z 
jasmine        G&zm~  
jaw        GO 
jaws        GOz          
jay        Ge 
jaylen Gel~ 
jaylen's        Gel~z 
jealous     GEl6s 
jeans          Ginz 
jeez   Giz 
jeff           GEf 
jeff's         GEfs 
jeffrey        GEfri 
jeffrey's      GEfriz 
jello          GElo 
jelly          GEli 
jellyfish   GElifIS 
jemima   G7m9m6 
jeremiah    G*6m96 
jeremy    G*6mi 
jerk   G3k 
jerome   G6rom 
jerry    j*i 
jesse          GEsi 
jesus          Giz6s 
jesus's    Giz6s6z 
jethro   GETro 
jewelry        GuLri 
jewish    GuIS 
jig      GIg 
jiggety     GIg6ti 
jiggling    GIgLIN 
jill           GIl 
jim            GIm 
jim's     GImz 
jimmy   GImi 
jingle    GINgL 
jingles   GINgLz 
jingly     GINgLi 
job            Gab 
jodie     Godi 
joe   Go 
joey           Goi 
jog    GOg 
jogging   GOgIN 
john      GOn 
john's    GOnz 
johnny   GOni 
johns     GOnz 
join   G7n 
joke    Gok 
joking  GokIN 
jolly   GOli 
jonah     Gon6 
jordan    G%d~ 
jordan's   G%d~z 
jordan's     G%d~z 
joseph    Gos6f 
joshua   GaSu6 
joy     G7 
joyful  G7fL 
judge  GAG 
judy           Gudi 
judy's         Gudiz 
jug     GAg 
juggling   GAgLIN 
juice          Gus 
juices          Gus6z 
juicie     Gusi 
juicy     Gusi 
julia     Guli6 
julie   Guli 
july    G6l9 
jumble   GAmbL 
jumbled        GAmbLd 
jump           GAmp 
jumped         GAmpt 
jumper    GAmpR 
jumping        GAmpIN 
jumpingjack    GAmpIN  G&k 
jumpingjacks   GAmpIN  G&ks 
jumps  GAmps 
june         Gun 
june's    Gunz 
jungle  GANgL 
junior   GunyR 
junk  GANk 
junkajunka  GANk6  GANk6 
junky    GANki 
just           GAst 
jut  GAt 
k   ke 
k@l            ke 
kaboom  k6bum 
kaboomie@o  k6bumi 
kanga  k&Ng6 
kanga's  k&Ng6z 
kangaroo k&Ng6ru 
kangaroos  k&Ng6ruz 
kansas k&nz6s 
karate  k6rati 
karen  k*~ 
karen's  k*~z 
kate     ket 
katherine   k&TrIn 
kathy	    k&Ti
kathy's	    k&Tiz
katie  keti 
katy  keti 
kay            ke 
kay's          kez 
kayla   kel6 
keaton  kit~ 
keaton's kit~z 
keep           kip 
keeper  kipR 
keeping kipIN 
keeps          kips 
keisha   kiS6 
kekek@p  keke 
kelly   kEli 
kelsey  kElsi 
ken            kEn 
kenny  kEni 
kept           kEpt 
kerchief    k3cif 
kerchoo   k3cu 
ketchup     kEcAp 
kettle   kEtL 
kevin's kEv~z 
key            ki 
key's  kiz 
keyboard kib#d 
keys           kiz 
kick           kIk 
kickball   kIkbOl 
kicked        kIkt 
kicking      kIkIN 
kicks kIks 
kid            kId 
kid's          kIdz 
kiddie    kIdi 
kidding  kIdIN 
kiddo          kIdo 
kidney  kIdni 
kids           kIdz 
kids'          kIdz 
kiki             kiki 
kill            kIl 
killed         kIld 
killing        kIlIN 
kills            kIlz 
kim   kIm 
kimani   kImani 
kind           k9nd 
kinda        k9nd6 
kindly  k9ndli 
kinds          k9ndz 
king           kIN 
king's kINz 
kingdom  kINdM 
kings         kINz 
kiss           kIs 
kissable       kIs6bL 
kissed         kIst 
kisses         kIsIz 
kissie          kIsi 
kissies  kIsiz 
kissing        kIsIN 
kit  kIt 
kitchen        kIc~ 
kite           k9t 
kitten         kIt~ 
kittens        kIt~z 
kitties        kItiz 
kitty          kIti 
kitty's        kItiz 
kittycakes kItikeks 
kittycat kItik&t 
kittycats  kItik&ts 
kittykitty  kIti  kIti 
kiwi kiwi 
kix  kIks
kleenex klinEks 
knack   n&k 
knapsack n&ps&k 
knee           ni 
kneedeep nidip 
kneel  nil 
kneeling nilIN 
knees          niz 
knew           nu 
knick  nIk 
knife          n9f 
knifes   n9fs 
knives	 n9vz
knob nab 
knobs nabz 
knock          nak 
knocked        nakt 
knocking nakIN 
knocks  naks 
knot           nat 
know           no 
knowledge      nalIG 
known          non 
knows          noz 
knox   naks 
koala    koal6 
kool            kul 
krista   krIst6 
kristen krIst~ 
kristen's   krIst~z 
kristin        krIst~ 
kungfu  kAN  fu 
kwanzaa    kwanz6 
kyle   k9l 
kyle's   k9lz 
l   El 
l@l            El 
la   la 
la@si	la  
label          lebL 
labels	lebLz  
lace            les 
laced         lest 
laces          lesIz 
lacing         lesIN 
lack           l&k 
lacking	l&kIN 
ladder	l&dR 	
ladies	lediz 
lady           ledi 
lady's         lediz 
ladybug	ledibAg 
lake           lek 
lamb	l&m 
lambie    l&mi 
lambs	l&mz  
lame	lem  
lamp          l&mp 
land	l&nd  
landed	l&ndEd  
landing	l&ndIN 
landings	l&ndINz 
lane           len 
language       l&NgwIG 
lantern	l&ntRn  
lap            l&p 
lapful	l&pfL 
laps           l&ps 
large           l#G 
lassie		l&si
lassie's	l&siz
last           l&st 
latch	l&tc   
latches	l&tc6z  
late           let 
lately         letli 
later          letR 
latest         letIst 
latin 	l&tIn 
laugh          l&f 
laughed	l&ft 
laughing     l&fIN 
laughs         l&fs 
laundromat	landr6m&t 
laundry        lOndri 
laura	l%6  
laura's	l%6z  
lauren         l%~ 
lauren's       l%~z 
law            lO 
lawn	lan w 
lawnmower	lanmowR  
lawrence	lOrEnts  
lay            le 
layed         led 
laying        leIN 
lays	lez  
lazy	lezi 
leader	lidR  
leading	lidIN 
leaf            lif 
leafy	lifi  
leaking	likIN  
lean	lin 
leaned	lind  
leaning	linIN  
leap          lip 
leaped        lipt 
leaping        lipIN 
leaps           lips 
learn          l3n 
learned        l3nd 
learning       l3nIN 
learns         l3nz 
leash          liS 
least          list 
leave          liv 
leaves         livz 
leaving        livIN 
led	lEd  
ledge	lEG  
lee	li  
left           lEft 
leftie	lEfti  
leftover	lEftovR  
leftovers	lEftovRz  
lefty	lEfti  
leg            lEg 
legend	lEGEnd  
leggie	lEgi  
leggings	lEgINz  
lego           lEgo 
legos	lEgoz  
legs           lEgz 
lemme       lEmi 
lemon          lEm~ 
lemons       lEm~z 
lena           lin6 
lena's         lin6z 
leopard	lEpRd  
leotard	li6t#d
leotards	li6t#dz
less           lEs 
let            lEt 
let's          lEts 
lets           lEts 
letter         lEtR 
letters        lEtRz 
letting        lEtIN 
lettuce         lEt6s 
level	lEvL  
lever	lEvR  
levis            liv9z 
lexington      lEksINt~ 
library	lIbr6ri  
lick           lIk 
licked	lIkt  
licking        lIkIN 
licks	lIks  
lid            lId 
lid's          lIdz 
lids	lIdz  
lie            l9 
lied           l9d 
lies           l9z 
life           l9f 
lifesaver      l9fsevR 
lifesavers      l9fsevRz 
lift           lIft 
liftie	lIfti  
lifting        lIftIN 
lifts          lIfts 
light          l9t 
light's	l9ts  
lightbulb	l9tbAlb  
lightbulbs	l9tbAlbz  
lighted	l9t6d 
lightening	l9tnIN  
lighter	l9tR  
lightning	l9tnIN  
lights         l9ts 
lightyear	l9ty(  
like           l9k 
liked          l9kt 
likely	l9kli 	 
likes          l9ks 
liking	l9kIN  
lil	lIl  
lilies	lIliz  
lillian	lIli~  
lily	lIli  
lilypad	lIlip&d  
lima           l9m6 
limbs	lImz  
lime 	l9m 
limit          lImIt 
limits	lImIts  
linda	lInd&   
lindsey's      lIndziz 
line           l9n 
lined	l9nd  
linen	lInEn  
lingo	lINgo  
lining         l9nIN 
links	lINk  
lint	lInt  
lion           l9~ 
lion's	       l9~z
lions          l9~z 
lip            lIp -s
lippie	lIpi  
lips           lIps 
lipstick       lIpstIk 
liquid         lIkwId 
liquids	lIkwIdz  
lisa	lis6  
list           lIst 
listen         lIs~ 
listened	lIs~d  
listening      lIs~IN 
listens        lIs~z 
lists	lIsts  
lit	lIt  
liter	litR  
litter           lItR 
litters           lItRz 
little         lItL 
littler	lItLR  
littlest	lItLEst  
live           lIv 
lived	lIvd  
liver          lIvR 
lives          lIvz 
living         lIvIN 
livingroom     lIvIN rum
liz	lIz  
lizard	lIZRd  
lizard's	lIzRdz  
load	lod  
loads	lodz  
loaf            lof 
loan           lon 
loans          lonz 
loaves         lovz 
lobster lObstR 
lobsters   lObstRz 
lock           lak 
locked         lakt 
locking      lakIN 
locks         laks 
log	lOg  
lola	lol6  
lollipop       lalipap 
lollipops      lalipaps 
lolly	lOli  
lolo             lolo 
london          lAndAn 
lonely	lonli   
lonesome       lonsM 
long           lON 
longed	lONgd  
longer         lONgR 
longest        lONgEst     
look           lUk 
looka	lUk6  
looked         lUkt 
lookee	lUki  
lookie          lUki 
looking        lUkIN 
lookit           lUkIt 
looks          lUks 
loom	lum  
looneytoons	luni  tunz  
loons	lunz  
loop	lup  
looped	lupt  
loops	lups  
loose          lus 
loosed	lust  
loosen	lus~  
loosens	lus~z  
lop	lap  
lopsided	laps9dEd  
lord 	l%d 
lord's	l%dz  
lordie	l%di  
lordy	l%di  
loren          l%~ 
lori 	loRi 
lose           luz 
loses          luzIz 
losing         luzIN 
lost           lOst 
lot            lat 
lot's          lats 
lotion         loS~ 
lots           lats 
lou	lu  
loud           lQd 
louder	lQdR  
loudie	lQdi  
love           lAv 
loved          lAvd 
lovely         lAvli 
lover	lAvR  
loves          lAvz 
lovie	lAvi 
loving         lAvIN 
lovings	lAvINz  
low            lo 
lowed	lod  
lower	lowR  
luck            lAk 
luckily        lAk6li 
lucky          lAki 
lucy	lusi 
luggage	lAg6G 	 
luggages	lAg6G6z  
luis	lUwIs  
lujah@si	luy6  
lump	lAmp 
lumpy	lAmpi  
lunatic         lun6tIk 
lunatics        lun6tIks 
lunch          lAnc 
lunchie	lAnci  
lunchmeat       lAncmit 
lunchtime      lAnct9m 
lure	l)  
luther          luTR 
lydia	lIdi6  
lying          l9IN 
lynn	lIn  
lyricists	lIrIsIsts  
lysol            l9sOl 
m            Em 
m@l            Em 
ma	ma 
ma'am	m&m  
ma@q	ma  
mac	m&k  
macarena	mak6rEn6  
macaroni     m&k6r0ni 
macaroniandcheese	m&k6roni  &nd  ciz  
macaronis	m&k6roniz 	 
macdonald      m6kdanLd 
macdonald's    m6kdanLdz
macgruff         m6kgrAf 
machine        m6Sin 
machines	m6Sinz  
mad               m&d 
made           med 
madman	m&dm~  
mag	m&g  
magarina	m&g6rin6  
magazine	m&g6zin  
magazines      m&g6zin 
magba	m&gb6  
magenta	m6GEnt6  
maggarina	m&g6rIn6 
maggie	m&gi  
maggie's	m&giz  
magic          m&GIk 
magical	m&gIkL  
magically	m&gIkli  
magnet	m&gnIt  
magnets	m&gnIts  
mags	m&gz  
magsterina	m&gstRIn6  
maid	med  
maids	medz  
mail             mel 
mailbox	melbaks  
mailboxes	melbaks6z  
mailed          meld 
mailing          melIN 
maillady	mel  ledi  
mailman	mel  m&n  
mails            melz 
main           men 
maine          men 
mainly	menli  
maintenance     ment6n~ts 
make           mek 
maked	mekt  
makes          meks 
makeup	mekAp  
making         mekIN 
malfunction      m&lfANc6n 
malfunctioned   m&lfANc6nd   
malfunctioning     m&lfANc6nIN 
malfunctions       m&lfANc6nz 
mall             mOl 
mallet	m&lIt  
malnutrition	m&lnutrIS~  
malt	malt  
malto	malto  
mama           mam6 
mama'll	       mam6L
mama's	mam6z  
mama@q	mam6  
mamama 	ma  ma  ma 
mamma    mam6 
mammals	m&mLz  
mammy	m&mi  
mamoo@q mamu 
man            m&n 
man'll	       m&nL
man's	       m&nz
manage	m&nEG  
managed	m&nEGd  
mandy	m&ndi  
mandy's	m&ndiz  
maneuvering   m6nuvRIN 
manger	menGR 
mango	meNgo  
manipulate     m6nIpy6let 
manniken       m&nIkIn 
manually       m&nyu6li 
many           mEni 
map	m&p  
marble	m#bL  
march	m#c  
marcha	m#c6  
marcher	m#cR  
marches	m#cIz  
marcia's       m#S6z
marco          m#ko 
marco's        m#koz 
margaret	m#grEt  
margarine	m#G6rIn  
marianne's	m&rI&nz  
marie          m6ri 
marie's        m6riz 
marigolds      m*Igold 
marino	m6rino  
mark            m#k 
mark           m#k 
marked         m#kt 
marker	m#kR 	 
markers	m#kRz  
market	m#kIt  
marking      m#kIN 
marks          m#ks 
marks          m#ks 
marmalade	m#m6led  
marni	m#ni  
marriage	mErIG  
married	mErid 
marry	mEri  
mars	m#z  
marsh	m#S  
marshalls       m#S6lz 
marshmallow    m#SmElo 
marshmallows	m#rSmEloz  
martha	m#rT6  
mary	meri  
mary's	meriz  
mash            m&S 
mashed          m&st 
mashing        m&SIN 
mason	mes~   
mass           m&s 
massage	m6sOG  
massive	m&sIv  
master	m&stR  
mastercard      m&stRc#d 
masterpieces	m&stRpisIz  
mat	m&t  
match          m&c 
matches        m&cIz 
matching   m&CIN 
mate    met 
mates   mets 
material       m6t(iL 
matt   m&t 
matter         m&tR 
matters	m&tRz  
matthew        m&Tyu 
matthew's      m&Tyuz 
mattress	m&tr6s  
maura          m%6 
maura's        m%6z 
max            m&ks 
max's         m&ks6z 
maximum	m&ksImAm  
may            me 
maybe          mebi 
mayonnaise    mey6nez 
mayor	meyR  
mcdonald	m6kdanLd  
mcdonalds   m6kdanLdz 
mcgregor	mAkgrEgR  
mcgregor's	mAkgrEgRz  
mcmuffin	m6kmAfIn  
me             mi 
me's	miz  
meadow	mEdo  
meal           mil 
mealtime       milt9m 
mean           min 
meaned	mind  
meanie	mini  
means          minz 
meant          mEnt 
meantime	mint9m  
meanwhile	minw9l  
measure	mES)  
measures	mES)z  
measuring	mES)IN  
meat           mit 
meatballs	mitbOlz  
meatloaf 	mitlof 
meaty	miti  
mechanical     m6k&nIkL 
meddle          mEdL 
meddled          mEdLd 
meddles         mEdLz 
meddlesome	mEdLsM  
meddling         mEdLIN 
medical        mEdikL 
medicine	mEdIs~  
medicine's	mEdis~z  
medium        midi6m 
meeko         miko 
meet           mit 
meeting        mitIN 
meets          mits 
meg	mEg  
mega	mEg6  
megablocks	mEg6blAks  
megan 	mEg~ 
melanie	mEl6ni  
melissa	mElIs6  
melon	mEl~  
melt	mElt  
meltdown	mEltdQn  
melted	mEltEd  
melting	mEltIN  
melts	mElts  
membrane	mEmbren  
meme           meme 
memee	mimi  
memorize       mEm6r9z 
memory         mEm6ri 
men              mEn 
mention        mEnS~ 
mentioned      mEnS~d 
meow              miQ 
meow@o	miQ 	 
merchant	m3CEnt  
mercies	m3siz  
mercy	m3si  
mermaid	m3med  
merrily	mEr6li  
mesh	mES  
mess           mEs 
message	mEs6G  
messages	mEs6G6z  
messed       mEst 
messer	mEsR  
messes	mEs6z  
messing	mEsIN  
messy         mEsi 
met	mEt  
metal	mEtL  
method	mET6d  
mets	mEts  
mew	mu  
mhm	MhM
mi@si	mi  
mice           m9s 
michael	m9kL 
michael's      m9kLz 
micies	m9siz  
mickey         mIki 
mickey's       mIkiz 
mickie	mIki  
micky          mIki 
microphone     m9kr6fon 
microphone's	m9kr6fonz 	 
microphones	m9kr6fonz  
microwave	m9kr6wev  
middle         mIdL 
midmorning	mIdm%nIN  
midnight 	mIdn9t 
midwest        mIdwEst 
might          m9t 
mighty	m9ti  
mike           m9k 
mike's         m9ks 
mikey	m9ki  
mikie	m9ki  
mile	m9l  
miles	m9lz  
military        mIl6t*i 
milk           mIlk 
milk's	       mIlks
milkie	mIlki  
milkies	mIlkiz  
milky 	mIlki 
million mIly~ 
millions	mIly~z  
mimi           mimi 
mind           m9nd 
mine           m9n 
minestrone	mIn6stroni  
minnie	mIni  
minnies	mIniz  
minnows	mInoz  
mint	mInt  
minute         mInIt 
minutes        mInIts 
miranda	mIr&nd6  
mirror         m(R 
mirrors        m(Rz 
miserable      mIzR6bL 
misery	mIz6ri  
miss           mIs 
missed         mIst 
missing        mIsIN 
mission	mIS~  
missus         mIsIz 
missy	mIsi  
mistake        mIstek 
mistaken	mIstek~ 	 
mister          mIstR 
mistreat	mIstrit  
mistress       mIstrIs 
mit@l          Em 9 ti 
mittens        mIt~ 
mix             mIks 
mixed          mIkst 
mixer	mIksR  
mixes           mIks6z 
mixing          mIksIN 
mkay	Mke 
mm	M
mmhm         MhM 
mmm          M 
mmming	MIN  
mmms	Mz  
mo	mo  
moaning      monIN 
moat	mot  
mobile	mobL  
mockingbird	makINb3d  
mode	mod  
model	mOdL  
modeling	mOdLIN  
moira          m7r6 
molar	molR  
mom            mam 
mom'll	mamL  
mom's	mamz  
moment	momnt  
moments	momnts  
momma 	mOm6 
momma's	mOm6z  
mommies        mamiz 
mommy          mami 
mommy'll       mamiL 
mommy's        mamiz 
moms	mOmz  
monday         mAnde 
money         mAni 
moneys	mAni  
monica	manIk6  
monitor	manItR  
monkey         mANki 
monkey's       mANkiz 
monkeys        mANkiz 
monst	manst  
monster        manstR 
monster's	manstRz  
monsters	manstRz  
monstrous	manstRAs  
month          mAnT 
months         mAnTs 
moo	mu  
moo@o	mu  
mooboosh	mubuS  
moocow	mukQ  
mood           mud 
moody	mudi  
mookaboosh	muk6buS  
moomoo	mumu  
moomooshas	mumuS6z  
moon           mun 
moonlight	munl9t 	 
moose         mus 
moosh	muS  
mooshaboosh	muS6  buS  
mooshaboosha	muS6  buS6  
mooshabooshas	muS6  buS6z  
mooshas	muS6z  
mooshasboosh	muS6z  buS  
mooshboosh	muS  buS  
mooshbooshas	muS  buS6s  
mooshieboosh	muSi  buS  
mooshiebooshas	muSi  buS6z  
mooshmoosh 	muS  muS 
mooski	muski  
mootas	mut6z  
mootash	mut&S  
mootie 	muti 
mootieboosh	muti  buS 
mootiebooshas	muti  buS6z  
mootiemoo	muti  mu  
mootiemooshas 	muti  muS6z 
mop            map 
mopped        mapt 
moppet	map6t  
mopping       mapIN 
mops          maps 
mopsy	mapsi  
more           m% 
morgan        m%gN 
morgan's     m%gNz 
morgie        m%gi 
morgie's      m%giz 
morning        m%nIN 
moses	moz6s  
mosquito	m6skito   
mosquitos	m6skitoz  
moss	mas  
most           most 
mostest	mostEst  
mostly         mostli 
mother         mADR 
mother's       mADRz 
motherland	mADRl&nd  
mothers 	mADRz 
moths	mOTs  
motive	motIv  
motor          motR 
motorbike	motRb9k  
motorcycle	motRs9kL  
mount	mQnt 	 
mountain	mQnt~  
mountains	mQnt~z  
mountaintop	mQnt~tap  
mouse          mQs 
mouse's	mQs6z  
mouses	mQs6z  
mousie         mQsi 
mouth          mQT 
mouthful	mQTfL 	 
mouthie	mQTi 
mouthing	mQTIN 	
mouthpiece	mQTpis  
mouths         mQDz 
move           muv 
moved          muvd 
movement        muvmEnt 
movements        muvmEnts 
moves	muvz 	 
movie          muvi 
movies        muviz 
moving         muvIN 
mow	mo  
mower	mowR  
mowing	mowIN  
mr	mIstR
ms	Mz  
much           mAc 
mud	mAd  
muddy	mAdi  
mufasa	mufas6  
muffet	mAf6t  
muffin         mAfIn 
muffins       mAfInz 
mug            mAg 
mugs           mAgz 
mulan 	mulan 
mulberry	mLbEri  
mules          myulz 
multicolored	mAltikAlRz 	 
multiple	mAltIpL  
multitalented	mAltit&l~t6d  
mum            mAm 
mumbling	mAmblIN  
mummy          mAmi 
munch           mAnc 
munchkin	mAnCkIn  
muppet         mApIt 
muppets        mApIts 
murphy	mRfi  
muscleman	mAsLm&n  
muses	muzEz  
museum         myuziM 
mush           mAS 
mushed	mASt  
mushing	mASIN  
mushroom	mASrum  
mushrooms	mASrumz  
mushy	mASi  
music          myuzIk 
musical	musikL  
muskrats	mAskr&ts  
must           mAst 
mustache	mAst&S  
mustard       mAstRd 
mustn't        mAs~t 
mutilate       myutLet 
my             m9 
mydear	       m9 d(
mygoodness     m9 gUdn6s
myself         m9sElf 
mystery	mIstRi 
n	En  
n@l            En 
nah	na  
nail	nel 	
nails	nelz  
naked           nek6d 
nala	nal6  
name           nem 
name's         nemz 
named          nemd 
names          nemz 
naming         nemIN 
nan            n&n 
nan's          n&nz 
nana           n&n6        
nana's	nan6z  
nananana	nan6  nan6  
nanny		n&ni
nap            n&p 
napkin         n&pkIn 
napkins	n&pkInz  
nappie         n&pi 
nappies         n&piz 
napping        n&pIN 
nappy	n&pi  
naps             n&ps 
naptime        n&pt9m 
nas	naz  
nasty              n&sti
natalie		   n&t6li 
nathan	neT~  
nation	neS~  
nations	neS~z  
natural	n&t)L  
naturally      n&cr6li 
naughty	nOti  
nautilus	nOtIl6s  
navigate	n&v6get  
navy	nevi  
near	n(  
nearby         n(b9 
nearer	n(R  
nearly        n(li 
neat           nit 
neatest	nitEst   
neatly	nitli  
neato	nito  
necessarily    nEs6s*6li 
necessary      nEs6s*i 
neck           nEk 
necklace       nEklIs 
necklaces	nEkl6s6z  
neckties	nEkt9z  
ned nEd 
need           nid 
needed         nidId 
needing	nidIN  
needle 	nidL 
needs          nidz 
negative       nEg6tIv 
neglecting	n6glEktIN  
neigh	ne  
neighbor	nebR  
neighbor's	nebRz  
neighborhood	nebRhUd  
neighborly	nebRli  
neighbors	nebRz  
neil		nil
neil's		nilz
neither        niDR 
nellie 	nEli 
neon            nian 
nephew         nEfyu 
nephew's       nEfyuz 
nerve	n3v  
nerves	n3vz  
nervous        n3v6s 
nest	nEst  
nesting	nEstIN  
nests	nEsts  
net	nEt  
neuter         nutR 
neutral	nutrL  
never          nEvR 
new            nu 
newborns	nub#nz  
newport	nup%t  
news	nUz  
newspaper    nuzpepR 
newt	nUt  
next           nEkst 
nibbled	nIbLd  
nice           n9s 
nicely	n9sli 	 
nicer          n9sR 
nick	nIk  
nickel	nIkL  
nickelodeon	nIkLodi~  
nicole	nIkoL  
niece 	nis 
nigerians  n9G(i~z 
night          n9t 
night's	n9ts  
nightgown      n9tgQn 
nightgowns     n9tgQnz 
nightie	n9ti  
nightlight	n9tl9t  
nightmare      n9tm* 
nightnight	n9tn9t  
nights	n9ts 
nightshirt	n9tS3t  
nighttime       n9tt9m 
nilly 	nIli 
nine           n9n 
nineteen	n9ntin 
ninety         n9ndi 
ninja            nInG6 
nino 	nino 
ninth          n9nT 
nipple	nIpL  
nixie	nIksi  
no             no 
noah	no6  
noah's 	no6z 
noba@c	nob6  
nobody         nobadi 
nobody's       nobadiz 
nodded	nad6d  
nodding	nadIN  
noggin	nagIn  
noise          n7z 
noises         n7zIz 
noisy	n7zi  
none           nAn 
nonexistent    nanIgzIst~t 
nono           nono 
nonono@si	no  no  no  
nononoing	nononoIN  
noodle         nudL 
noodles        nudLz 
nookcase@n	nUkes  
noontime	nUnt9m  
nope           nop 
nopes	nops  
nopie 	nopi 
nor	n#  
normal         n%mL 
normally       n%m6li 
north	n#T  
nose           noz 
nosed        nozd 
nosedives	nozd9vz 	
noses	nozIz  
nosey	nozi 
nosie	nozi  
not            nat 
note	not  
notes	nots  
nothing        nATIN 
nothing's	nATINz  
notice         notIs 
noticed        notIst 
notices         notIs6z 
noticing       notIsIN 
novelty        navLti 
november	novEmbR  
now            nQ 
nowhere	now* 
nudieper	nudipR  
nudist         nudIst 
nugget	nAgEt  
nuggets	nAgEts  
nuhuh          nAA 
nuisance	nusEnts  
num	nAm  
number         nAmbR 
numbers        nAmbRz 
nummies	nAmiz  
nummy	nAmi  
numnum	nAmnAm  
nurse          n3s 
nursery        n3s6ri 
nurses         n3sIz 
nursing        n3sIN 
nut	nAt  
nutcracker	nAtkr&kR  
nutrient	nutri~t  
nutritional	nutrIS~L  
nutritious	nutrIS6s 
nuts           nAts 
nutty	nAti 
o                o 
o'clock        6klak 
o'clocker	oklakR 	
o'clocks       6klaks 
o@l            o 
o@l-s	o  
oatmeal        otmil 
oats              ots 
obedient	obidiEnt  
obekaybe	obikebi  
obey	obe  
obi            obi 
obi's          obiz 
obie           obi 
objects        abGIks 
observed       6bz3vd 
observing      6bz3vIN 
obsessed	6bsEst 	 
obtained	6btend  
obvious        abvi6s 
obviously      abvi6sli 
occasion	6keS~  
occasionally   6keZ6nL 
occurred       6k3d 
ocean          oS~ 
octagon	akt6gan  
october        aktobR 
octopi	akt6p9  
octopus	akt6pAs  
odd            ad 
of             6v 
off            Of 
off@n	af 	
offensive	6fEnsIv  
offer	af3  
offered	af3d  
offers         OfRz 
offhand        Ofh&nd 
office         OfIs 
official	6fISL  
officially	6fIS6li  
often          Of~ 
oh              o 
ohio	oh9o  
oil	7L  
oiled	7ld  
oink          7Nk 
oink@o	7Nk  
oinkoink     7Nk  7Nk 
ointment       7ntmEnt 
ok             oke 
okay           oke 
okeydokey        okidoki 
okkay		 Oke
old            old 
olden	old~  
older          oldR 
olive	alIv  
olives	alIvz  
olivia	6lIvi6  
omega 	omEg6 
on             an 
once           wAns 
one            wAn 
one'll	       wAnL
one's          wAnz 
ones           wAnz 
onesie	wAnsi 	 
onie	wAni  
onion          Any~ 
onions	Any~z  
online	anl9n	  
only           onli 
onsie	wAnsi  
onsies	wAnsiz  
onto           antu 
oop	up  
oops           ups 
oopsadaisy 	ups6dezi  
oopsadaisys	ups6deziz  
oopsie 	upsi 
oopsiedoozies	upsiduziz  
oopsiedoozy	upsiduzi  
oopsies	upziz  
op@c	ap 
open           op~ 
opened         op~d 
opener	op~3  
opening        op~IN 
opens          op~z 
operation      ap6reS~ 
operator	Op3at3  
opinion	6pIny~  
opportunity	ap3tunIti  
opposed        6pozd 
opposite       ap6zIt 
opposites	ap6sIts   
option           apcN 
options         apcNz 
or             % 
orange         %InG 
oranges       %InG6z 
orangish       %InGIS 
orangutan	%&Ng6t&n  
order          %dR 
ordered	%dRd 	 
ordering	%dRIN  
orderly        %dRli 
ordinary	%dInEri  
organize	%g6n9z  
organized	%g6n9zd  
originally     6rIG6nLi 
orioles	%iolz =w 
ornaments	%n6mEnts  
orphan	%f~  
orthodontic      %T6dantIk 
orthodontics      %T6dantIks 
orthodontist      %T6dantIst 
orthodontist's    %T6dantIsts 
orthodontists     %T6dantIsts 
oscar	askR  
oscar's	askRz  
ostrich	astrIc  
otay	ote  
other          ADR 
others         ADRz 
otherwise      ADRw9z 
ouch          Qc 
ouchie       Qci 
ouchies      Qciz 
ought          Ot 
oughtta        Ot6 
ounce	Qnts 	 
ounces	Qnts6z   
our            # 
ours           #z 
ourself	#sElf  
out            Qt 
outdoor        Qtd% 
outdoors       Qtd%z 
outer 	QtR 
outfit	QtfIt  
outgrown	Qtgron  
outlaw	QtlO  
outlet	QtlEt  
outlets        QtlEts 
outrageous	QtreG6s  
outside        Qts9d 
outtalk	QttOk  
oval            ovL 
oven	Av~  
over           ovR 
overalls       ovROlz 
overboard	ovRb%d  
overflow	ovRflo  
overflowing	ovRfloIN  
overload	ovRlod  
overnight       ovRn9t 
overtime	ovRt9m  
overzealous	ovRzElAs  
ow             Q 
owe	o  
owie	Qi  
owl            QL 
owl's	QLz  
owls           QLz 
own            on 
owned          ond 
owner	onR  
owowow@o	Q  Q  Q 
oyster	7stR  
p	pi 
p@l            pi 
pacie	pesi 
pacifier        p&sIf9R 
pacifiers	p&sIf9R  
pack          p&k 
package      p&k6G 
packages      p&k6G6z 
packed        p&kt 
packet	p&kEt  
packing        p&kIN 
packs           p&ks 
pad	p&d  
pad's	p&dz  
paddle	p&dL
paddy	p&di  
page           peG 
paged	peGd  
pager	peGR 
pages          peGIz 
paging	peGIN 
paid           ped 
pail	pel  
pain	pen  
painful	penfL  
paint          pent 
painted	pent6d  
painting	pentINz  
pair	p* 	 
pairs	p*z  
pajama	p6Gam6  
pajamaies	p6jam6z  
pajamas        p6G&m6z 
pal	p&L  
palace	p&lIs 	 
paly	peli  
pamper       p&mpR 
pamper's      p&mpRz 
pampers     p&mpRz 
pan            p&n 
pancake        p&nkek 
pancakes       p&nkeks 
panda	p&nd6  
panicked	p&nIkt  
pans           p&nz 
pant	p&nt  
panther	p&nTR  
panties	p&ntiz  
panting	p&ntIN  
pantry	p&ntri  
pants          p&nts 
pantsie	p&ntsi 
pantsies	p&ntsiz  
pap'll		p&pL
papa           pap6 
papa'll	       pap6L
papa's	       pap6z
papaya	p6p9y6  
paper          pepR 
paper's	       pepRz
papers         pepRz 
paperwork      pepRw3k 
papou	p6pu  
parade         p6red 
parading	p6redIN  
paranoid	p*6n7d  
parcheesi	p#cizi  
pardon	p#d~  
parents	p*Ents  
parents's	p*Ents6z  
park           p#k 
parked	p#kt  
parkie	p#ki  
parlor	p#lR  
parrot         p*6t 
parsley	       p#sli
parsnipie	p#snIpi  
parsnips	p#snIps  
part           p#t 
participate	p#tIsIpet  
particular     pRtIky6lR 
particularly p#tIculRli  
parting	p#tIN  
partner	p#tnR  
parts          p#ts 
party          p#ti 
pass           p&s 
passed         p&st 
passenger	p&sEnGR  
passes         p&sIz 
passing       p&sIN 
password	p&sw3d  
past           p&st 
pasta	past6  
paste          pest 
pasty	pesti  
pat            p&t 
patch         p&c 
patched        p&ct 
patches       p&c6z 
patching        p&cIN 
patchy	p&ci  
path 	p&T  
patience	peS~ts  
patient        peS~t 
patients      peS~nts 
patio	p&tio  
patrice	p6tris  
patrick        p&trIk 
patricks	p&triks 
pats           p&ts 
patted         p&tId 
patterns	p&t3nz  
patting        p&tIN 
patty          p&ti 
pattycake      p&tikek 
pattycaking	p&tikekIN  
pattytake	p&titek  
paul           pOl 
paul's         pOlz 
paula	pOl6 	 
pause	pOz  
paused	pOzd  
pausing	pOzIN  
pavement	pevm~t  
pavilioned	p6vIly~d  
paw	pO  
paws	pOz  
pay            pe 
paycheck	pecEk  
payed        ped 
paying         peIN 
payment       pem~t 
payments      pem~ts 
payperview	pe  pR  vyu  
pea            pi 
peace	pIs  
peaceful	pIsfL  
peach          pic 
peaches        pic6z 
peanut         pinAt 
peanutbutter	pinAtbAtR  
peanuts	pinAts  
pear           p* 
pearie	p*i  
pearl	p3l  
pearly	p3li  
pears         p*z 
peary	p*i   
peas           piz 
pedals	pEdLz  
pedialyte	pidi6l9t 
pee             pi 
peed            pid 
peeing         piIN 
peek           pik 
peeka	pik6  
peekaboo       pik6bu 
peeks	piks  
peel           pil 
peeled        pild 
peeling       pilIN 
peels          pilz 
peep	pip  
peeped 	pipt 
peepee         pipi 
peepees	pipiz  
peeping	pipIN  
peers          p(z 
pees            piz 
peeyou	piyu  
peeyoustinky	piyu  stINki  
peg            pEg 
pegasus	pEgas6s  
pegger	pEgR  
peggie	pEgi  
pegs           pEgz 
pen             pEn 
pencil         pEnsL 
pencils        pEnsLz 
penguin	pENgwIn  
penguins 	pENgwInz 
penney pEni  
pennies	pEniz  
penny 	pEni 
penny's	pEniz
pens           pEnz 
pentagon	pEnt6gan  
peonies	pi6niz  
peony	pi6ni  
people         pipL 
people's       pipLz 
pepe           pepe 
pepper         pEpR 
pepper's	pEpRz  
peppers        pEpRz 
pepsi             pEpsi 
per	pR  
percent         pRsEnt 
perfect 	pRfIkt 
perfectly      p3fIktli 
perform        pRf%m 
performed      pRf%md 
performer	p3f%mR  
performing     pRf%mIN 
performs        pRf%mz 
perfume	p3fyum  
perhaps        pRh&ps 
period           p(i6d 
permission	p3mIS~  
peroxide	p3aks9d  
perpendicular  p3p~dIky6lR 
persistent	p3sIstEnt  
person         p3s~ 
person's       p3s~z 
personal	p3s6nL  
personality	p3s6n&lIti  
personnel       p3s6nEl 
perspective    pRspEktIv 
perspiration	p3sp3eS~  
pesky	pEski  
pester         pEstR 
pet            pEt 
petal	pEtL  
petals	pEtlz  
pete	pit  
peter          pitR 
peter's        pitRz 
pets           pEts 
petted 	pEt6d 
petting	pEtIN  
phil	fIl  
phillip	fIlIp  
philosophy	fIlasofi  
phone          fon 
phone's        fonz 
phones         fonz 
phonics         faniks 
phony	foni  
photo	foto  
photogenic	fotogEnIk  
photographic	fotogr&fIk  
photosynthesis	fotosInTesIs 
phrase         frez 
piano	pi&no  
picachu	pikacu  
pick           pIk 
picked         pIkt 
picking        pIkIN 
pickle         pIkL 
pickles        pIkLz 
picks          pIks 
picky	pIki  
picnic         pIknIk 
picnics        pIknIks 
picture        pIkcR 
pictures       pIkcRz 
pie             p9 
piece          pis 
pieces         pisIz 
pies	p9z  
pig            pIg 
pigeon	pIG~  
pigeons        pIG~ 
piggie         pIgi 
piggies	pIgiz  
piggy          pIgi 
piggy's	pIgiz  
piglet          pIglIt 
piglet's	pIglEts  
piglets	pIglEts  
pigpen	pIgpEn  
pigs           pIgz 
pigtail	pIgteL   
pike           p9k 
pile           p9l 
piles          p9lz 
pillow        pIlo 
pillows	pIloz  
pin            pIk 
pina	pin6  
pinch	pInc  
pinched	pInct  
pinchie	pInci 
pinching 	pIncIN 
pine	p9n  
pineapple	p9n&pL  
pineapples   p9n&pLz 
pinecones	p9nkonz 
pingpong	pINpaN 
pink           pINk 
pinkie 	pINki 
pinky   pINki 
pinnochio	pInokio  
pins           pInz 
pinto          pInto 
pipe	p9p  
piper's	p9pRz  
piping	p9pIN  
pipsqueak	pIpskwik  
pissant@n     pIs&nt 
pissy           pIsi 
pit	pIt  
pitched  pIct 
pitcher	pItcR  
pitiful	pItifL  
pizza	pIz6  
pjs	piGez  
place          ples 
placed         plest 
places          ples6z 
plain          plen 
plainly	plenli  
plan 	pl&n 
plane	plen  
planet	pl&nIt  
planing	plenIN  
plant          pl&nt 
planted	pl&nt6d  
plants         pl&nts 
plastic        pl&stIk 
plate          plet 
plates         plets 
platinum     pl&t6n6m 
platter	pl&tR  
play           ple 
playbed	       ple bEd
played         pled 
player         pleR 
playful	plefL  
playground      plegrQnd 
playgroup      plegrup 
playhouse	plehQs  
playing        pleIN 
playoffs	pleOfs  
playpen        plepEn 
playpenie	plepEni 	 
playroom       plerum 
plays          plez 
playtex	pletEks  
playtime	plet9m  
pleasant	plEz~t  
please         pliz 
pleased        plizd 
pleasure       plEZR 
plenty         plEnti 
plop	plap  
plops  plaps 
plow           plQ 
plug	plAg  
plugged		plAgd  
plugs          plAgz 
plum	plAm  
plums          plAmz 
plunged	plAnGd  
plus              plAs 
pluto	pluto  
pochahontas	pok6hant6s  
pocket         pakIt 
pocket's       pakIts
pocketbook     pakItbUk 
pocketbooks    pakItbUks
pockets        pakIts 
pod	pad  
point          p7nt 
pointed        p7ntId 
pointer          p7ntR
pointers       p7ntRz 
pointing       p7ntIN 
points         p7nts 
pointy	p7nti  
poison	p7sIn  
poisonous	p7sin6s  
poke           pok 
pokecenter	pok  sEntR  
poked         pokt 
pokefood	pok  fud  
pokemon	pokiman  
pokes          poks 
pokey          poki 
pokie	poki  
poking         pokIN 
polar	polR  
pole           pol 
poles          polz 
police          p6lis 
policeman	p6lIsm~  
policy	palIsi 
polish         palIS 
polished      palISt 
polishes      palIS6z 
polishing     palISIN 
polite	p6l9t  
politely	p6l9tli  
polkadot	polk6dat  
polo	polo  
polyester	paliEstR  
pond 	pand 
pony           poni 
ponytail	ponitel  
poo 	pu 
poo's 	puz 
poodle	pudL  
pooh           pu 
pooh's	puz  
poohs	puz  
pooie	pui  
pookie        puki 
pool           pul 
poop	pup  
poopie	pupie  
poopied	pupId  
poopies	pupIz  
pooping	pupIN 	 
poopoo	pupu  
poopoos	pupuz  
poops          pups 
poopsie	pupsi  
poopsie^boo	pupsibu 
poopsieboo	pupsibu  
poor           p) 
poos	puz  
pop            pap 
popbeads	papbidz  
popcorn	papk%n 
popeye	pap9  
popped	papt  
poppetypoppoppop	papEti  pap  pap  pap 
popping	papIN  
poppy          papi 
popsicle	papsIkL  
popular	papyulR  
popup 	papAp 
porch	p#c 
porcupine	p#ky6p9n 
porridge	p#IG 
portfolio	p%tfolio 	
porthole	p%thol 
pose	poz 
poser	pozR 
posies         poziz 
position	posIS~ 
positive        paz6tIv 
possible       pas6bL 
possibly       pas6bli 
possums	pasAmz 
post          post 
posted         post6d 
poster	postR 
posting        postIN 
posts            posts 
posy	posi 
pot                 pat 
potato          p6teto 
potatoes	p6tetoz
potatos        p6tetoz 
potent	pot~t 
potholder 	patholdR 
potpourri	potpori 
pots           pats 
potted         patId 
potter	patR 
pottie	pati
potty          pati 
pottytrain	patitren 
pouch         pQc 
pouches        pQc6z 
pouncy	pQntsi 
pound	pQnd 
pounding	pQndIN 
pounds	pQndz 
pour	p# 
poured	p#d 
pouring        p%IN 
pours	p#z 
pouting		pQtIN 
pouty         pQti 
pow	pQ 
powder         pQdR 
powells       pQlz 
power	pQR 
powerful	pQrfL 
practically	pr&ktIc6li 
practice	pr&ktIs 
practicing	pr&ktIsIN 	
prairie	pr*i 
praise	prez 
praised	prezd 
pray	pre 
prayer	prer 
prayers	prerz 
precious	prES6s 
precisely      prIs9sli 
prefer         prIf3 
prefers        prIf3z 
pregnant	prEgn6nt 
prehistoric    prihIst%Ik 
premiums	primiAmz 
preparation	prEp6r&S~ 
prepare        prIp* 
preschool      priskul 
prescription	pr6skrIpS~ 
prescriptions	pr6skripS~z 
presence	prEz~ts 
present        prEz~t 
presents	prEz~ts 
preserver      prIz3vR 
press          prEs 
pressed        prEst 
pressing	prEsIN 
pressure       prESR 
pretend        prItEnd 
pretending     prItEndIN 
prettier	prItiR 	
pretties	prItis 
pretty         prIti 
pretzel	prEtzL 
pretzels	prEtzLz 
prevents	prIvEnts 
price          pr9s 
prick	prIk 
pricked	prIkt 
prickly	prIkli 	
primarily      pr9m*6li 
primary        pr9m*i 
prime	pr9m 
prince	prInts 
princess	prInsEs 
principle      prIns6pL 
printed	prInt6d 
prior          pr9R 
priority	pr9#Iti 
private	pr9v6t 
privilege	prIv6l6G 
prize	pr9z 
pro	pro 
probably       prab6li 
problem        prablM 
problems	prablMz 
procedure      pr6siGR 
process	prOsIs 
produce	produs 
produced	produst 
product         pradAkt 
products         pradAkts 
professor	profEsR 
profiling	prof9lIN 
program	progr&m 
project	praGEkt 
projects	praGEkts 
promise         pramIs 
promised	pramIst 	
promises	pramIsIz 
promote        pr6mot 
pronunciation  pr6nAnsieS~ 
proof	pruf 
propeller	propElR 
proper         prapR 
properly	prapRli 
protect	protEkt 
protected	protEktId 
protecting	protEktIN 
protection	protEkS~ 
protein	protin 
protest	protEst 
protesting	protEstIN 
proud	prQd 
prove	prUv 
provider	pr6v9dR 
proving        pruvIN 
prowl	prQL 
prunes	prunz 
psalm	zalm 
psalms    zalmz 
psghettios	pskEtioz 
psycho	s9ko 
publish	pAblIS 
pucker	pAkR 
puckering	pAkRIN 
pudding       pUdIN 
puddle	pAdL 
puddleduck	pAdL  dAk 
puddles	pAdLz 
puddy   pAdi 
puff	pAf 
puffed	pAft 
pull           pUl 
pulled         pUld 
pulling         pUlIN 
pullover       pUlovR 
pulls	pUlz 
pumba	pumb6 
pump	pAmp 
pumpkin          pAmpkIn 
pumpkins       pAmpkInz 
punch         pZnc 
punishment	pAnISm~t 
punkin	pAnkin 
punky	pAnki 
pup            pAp 
puppet         pApIt 
puppets        pApIts 
puppies        pApiz 
puppy          pApi 
puppy's        pApiz 
puppydog 	pApi  dOg 
pups	pAps 
purchase	p3CIs 
pure		py)
purifier	p3If9R 
purple         p3pL 
purpose	p3p6s 
purr	p3 
purse          p3s 
push           pUS 
pushed	pUSt 
pushes	pUS6z 
pushing        pUSIN 
pushovers	pUSovRz 
pussycat	pUsic&t 
put            pUt 
puts           pUts 
putted	pUtEd 
putting        pUtIN 
puzzle         pAzL 
puzzle's       pAzlz
puzzles        pAzLz 
q@l            kyu 
qrs@k          kyu  #  Es 
quack          kw&k 
quackeroo	kw&k6ru 
quacking	kw&kIN 	
quackquack       kw&k  kw&k 
quail	kwel 
quails	kwelz 
quality	kwOlIti 
quarrel	kwOrL 
quarter	kw#tR 
quarters	kw#tRz 	
quasimodo	kwazimodo 
queeka	kwik6 
queekie	kwiki 
queekiemoo	kwikimu 
queekola	kwikol6 
queekster	kwikstR 
queen	kwin 
quesadillas	kEs6diy6z 
question	kwEsc~ 
questionable   kwEsc6n6bL 
questioning	kwesc~IN 
quick          kwIk 
quickly        kwIkli 
quiet          kw9It 
quieter        kw9ItR 
quietly	kw9Etli 
quietness	kw9Etn6s 
quilt          kwIlt 
quilts         kwIlts 
quincy	kwInsi 
quit            kwIt 
quite          kw9t 
quitter	kwItR 
quiver         kwIvR 
quivering	kwIvRIN 
quiz 	kwIz 
quizzed        kwIzd 
quote	kwot 
r               # 
r@l            # 
rabbit         r&bIt 
rabbit's	r&bits 	
rabbits        r&bIts 
raccoon        r&kun 
raccoon's      r&kunz 
raccoons	r6kunz 
race	res 
raced	rest 
races	res6z 
raceway	reswe 
rack	r&k
racketyboom	r&k6ti bum
racing	resIN 
radiator	redietR 
radio            redio 
radio's          redioz 
radios           redioz 
radish	r&dIS 
rag	r&g 
raggedy        r&gIdi 
rags	r&gz 
rahab	r6hab 
rail	reL 
railing	reLIN 
railroad	reLrod 
rain           ren 
rainbow	renbo 
raincoat	renkot 
raindrops	rendraps 
rained	rend 
raineth 	renIT 
raining       renIN 
rains          renz 
rainy	reni 
raise	rez 
raisin         rezIn 
raisinbran	rezIn  br&n 
raising	rezIN 
raisins        rezInz 
rake	rek 
ram	r&m 
ramble	r&mbL 
rambling	r6mblIN 
ramen             ram6n 
ramshacking     r&mS&kIN 
ran            r&n 
ranch 	r&nC 	
rang           r&N 
range          r&nG 
rangy	       r&nGi
rangy's	       r&nGiz
rap             r&p 
rap's	r&ps 
rapped         r&pt 
rapping        r&pIN 
raps               r&ps 
rarely         r*li 
rascal	r&skL 
rash           r&S 
rashes	r&SEz 
raspberry   r&zb*i 
rat            r&t 
rather         r&DR 
rats	r&ts 	
rattle         r&tL 
rattles	r&tLz 
rattly	r&tli 
raven	rev~ 
ravens	rev~z 
ray            re 
raying	reyIN 
raymond        rem~d 
rays              rez 
razor	razR 
re@si	re 
reach          ric 
reached	rict 
reaches	ric6z 
reaching	ricIN 
react          ri&kt 
read           rid 
reading        ridIN 
reads          ridz 
ready          rEdi 
real           ril 
realistic      ri6lIstIk 
realize        ri6l9z 
realized       ri6l9zd 
really         rili 
reapplied	riapl9d 
rear	r( 		
rearrange      riArenG 
rearranged     riArenGd 
rearranges     riArenG6z 
rearranging     riArenGIN 
reason         riz~ 
reassured	ri6SRd 
reattach	ri6t&c 	
rebuild	ribIld 
receipt            rIsit 
receipts            rIsits 
receive          rIsiv 
received       rIsivd 
receiver       rIsivR 
receives         rIsivz 
receiving        rIsivIN 
recently       ris~tli 
recharges	ric#G6z 
recite         rIs9t 
recognize      rEk6gn9z 
recognizes     rEk6gn9zIz 
recognizing    rEk6gn9zIN 
recommended    rEk6mEndId 
record         rEkRd 
recorded	rEk%d6d 
recorder       rIk%dR 
recorder's	rEk%dRz 
recordie	rEk%di 
recording      rIk%dIN 
recordings     rIk%dINz 
records        rEkRdz 
recovered	rEkAvRd 
rectangle	rEkt&NgL 
recyclable	ris9kl6bL 
recycling	ris9kLIN 
red            rEd 
redhead	rEdhEd 
redid          ridId 
redo	ridu 
reel	ril
reels	rilz
reference      rEfr~s 
refill	rifIl 
reflection	rEflEkS~ 
refraction	rEfr&kS~ 
refrigerant	rEfrIGR6nt 
refrigerator   rIfrIG6retR 
refuge	rEfuG 
refused	rifUzd 
regarding	rig#dIN 
reggie	rEGi 
register            rEGIstR 
registered         rEGIstRd 
registering        rEGIstRIN 
registers          rEGIstRz 
regressing     rIgrEsIN 
regular        rEgy6lR 
regularly      rEgy6lRli 
regulate	rEgulet 
regurgitated	rEg3GItet6d 
reindeer       rend(  
rejected	rEGEkt6d 
rejoice	riG7s 
relate         rIlet 
related	rilet6d 
relationship   rIleS~SIp 
relax           rIl&ks 
relaxed	rIll&kst 
relaxing       rIl&ksIN 
relay	rile 
released	rIlIst 
relieves	rIlivz 
religious	rIlIGAs 
relocate	riloket 
remco	rEmko 
remedy	rEm6di 
remember       rImEmbR 
remembered     rImEmbRd 
remembers      rImEmbRz 
remifasolatido@si	rE  mi  fa  so  la  ti  do 
remind            rIm9nd 
reminded       rIm9ndId 
reminding      rIm9ndIN 
reminds          rIm9ndz 
remote          rImot 
remove         rImuv 
removed        rImuvd 
renewed  rinud 
rent            rEnt 
rented         rEnt6d 
renting        rEntIN 
rents            rEnts 
repaint	ripent 
repairman	rip*m&n 
repeat         rIpit 
repeated       rIpitId 
repeating      rIpitIN 
repetition     rEpItIS~ 
replace	riples 
replant	ripl&nt 
replied	ripl9d 
reply	ripl9 
report	rip%t 
reported	rip%t6d 
repot	ripat 
representative rEprizEnt6tIv 
reptar            rEpt# 
republic	ripAblIk 
requires	riKw9Rz 
rescue	rEskyu 
rescued	rEskyud 
rescues	rEskyuz 
resealable       risil6bL 
resistant	rEsIst~t 
respect	r6spEkt 
respond        rIspand 
responding	r6spandIN 
response       rIspans 
rest           rEst 
restaurant	rEst3ant 
resting        rEstIN 
restrain	rIstren 
restrained     rIstrend 
result         rIzAlt 
resulted        rIzAlt6d 
resulting         rIzAltIN 
results             rIzAlts 
retarded	rit#d6d 
retardo         rIt#do 
retired	rit9Rd 
return           rItRn 
returned         rItRnd 
returning         rItRnIN 
returns             rItRnz 
reunion	riyunyAn 
reveal	rIvil 
reversal         rIvRsL 
reverse	rIv3s 
reversible	rIv3sIbL 
review	rIvyu 
reward	rIw%d 
rex	rEks 
rhinoceros	r9nOsEr6s 
rhinoceroses   r9nOsEr6s6z 
rhyme          r9m 
rhymes         r9mz 
rhyming        r9mIN 
rhythm	rITM 
ribbet	rIbIt 
ribbon         rIb~ 
ribbons	rIb~z 
ribs	rIbz 
rice             r9s 
rich	rIc 
richard        rIcRd 
rick	rIk 
ricky          rIki 
rid            rId 
ride           r9d 
riders	r9dRz 
rides	r9dz 
ridiculous	rIdIky6l6s 
riding         r9dIN 
right          r9t 
rightie	r9ti 
ring           rIN 
ringer	rINgR 
ringing        rININ 
rings          rINz 
rinse	rInts 
rinsed	rIntst 
rinsing	rIntsIN 
rip            rIp 
ripe	r9p 
ripped	rIpt 
ripping	rIpIN 
rips           rIps 
risen	rIz~ 
river          rIvR 
rivers	rIvRz 
road          rod 
roadblock	rodblak 	
roadrunner	rodrAnR 
roads          rodz 
roaming	romIN 
roar	r% 
roast	rost  
robbin's 	rObInz 
robert	rOb3t 
roberts   rOn3ts 
robin	rObIn 
robitussin	robitAsIn 
rock           rak 
rockandroll	rak  &nd  rol 
rocker         rakR 
rockers        rakRz 
rocketship	rakEtSIp 
rockie	rOki 
rocking        rakIN 
rockingchair	rOkINc* 
rockinghorse	rOkINh%s 
rocks	raks 
roll           rol 
rolled         rold 
roller           rolR 
rolling         rolIN 
rolls             rolz 
rolypoly	rolipoli 
rommy	rami 
romper	rampR 
ron	rOn 
roo	ru 
roof	ruf 
roofing	rufIN 
room           rum 
room's	rumz 
rooms   rumz 
roomy   rumi 
roosteen	rustin 
rooster        rustR 
roosters	rustRz 
root	rut 
rope	rop 
rose           roz 
roses          rozIz 
rosey          rozi 
rosie	rozi 
rosies         roziz 
ross	rOs 
rosy	rozi 
rote           rot 
rotten 	rOt~ 
rough          rAf 
rougher	rAfR 
round          rQnd 
router	rQtR 
routine        rutin 
routines       rutinz 
rove	rov 
rover          rovR 
row	ro 
roy	r7 
rub             rAb 
rubbed        rAnd 
rubber       rAbR 
rubbery	rAbRi 
rubbing        rAbIN 
rubs            rAbz 
ruby 	rubi 
rude           rud 
ruffle	rAfL 
ruffly	rAfLi 
rug            rAg 
rugrat         rAgr&t 
rugrats          rAgr&ts 
rugs	rAgz 
ruin	ruIn 
ruining	ruInIN
rule           rul 
rules           rulz 
rumbling	rAmblIN 
run            rAn 
runaway	rAn6we 
runner	rAnR 	
running        rAnIN 
runny	rAni 
runs           rAnz 
rush	rAS 
rushed	rASt 
rushing	rASIN
russell	rAsL 
rustles	rAstLz 
rustling	rAstLIN 
rutabaga	rUt6beg6 
ryan	r9~ 
rye	r9 
s	Es  
s@l            Es 
sad	s&d 
sadly	s&dli 
safe	sef 	
safer	sefR 
safest	sefEst 
safety	sefti 
said           sEd 
sailboat	selbot 
sailed	seld 
sailing	selIN 
sailor	selR 
sailors 	selRz 
saint	sent 
sakes	seks 
salad          s&l6d 
salads       s&l6dz 
salami	     s6lami
sale           sel 
sally          s&li 
salmon	s&m~ 	
salsa          sOls6 
salt              sOlt 
salvation	s&lveS~  
sam	s&m 
samantha	s6m&nT6 
sambo		sambo
same           sem 
samich	s&mIc 
sammy        s&mi 
sample	s&mpL 
sampling	s&mpLIN 
samuel	s&myUL 
sand           s&nd 
sandal	s&ndL 
sandals        s&ndLz 
sandbox	       s&ndbaks
sandman	s&ndm&n 
sandwich       s&ndwIc
sandwiches      s&ndwIc6z 
sandy            s&ndi 
sandy's		 s&ndiz
sang	s&N 
sanitize	s&nIt9z 
santa	s&nt6 
santas	s&nt6z 
sara 	s&r6 
sarah          s&r6 
sarah'll       s&t6L
sarah's	       s&r6z
sat            s&t 
satisfied	s&tIsf9d 		
satisfies      s&tIsf9z 
satisfy	s&tIsf9 
satisfying	s&tIsf9IN 
saturday	s&tRde 	
sauce          sOs 
saucer         sOsR 
saucers        sOsRz 
sauces          sOs6z 
sausage	sOsEG 
save	sev 
saved	sevd 
saves	sevz 
saving	sevIN 
savings	sevINz  
saw            sO 
say            se 
saybut	se  bAt 
saychugga@o 	se  cAg6 
saying         seIN 
says           sEz 
scale	skeL 
scamper	sk&mpR 
scare          sk* 
scarecrow	sk*kro 
scared         sk*d 
scarf	sk#f 
scaring	sk*IN 
scarry         sk*i 
scary          sk*i 
scary's 	sk*iz 
scattering	sk&tRIN 
scene	sIn 
scenes	sInz 
scent             sEnt 
schedule    skEGUl 
scheduled   skEGLd 
schedules     skEGLz 
scheduling     skEGLIN 
schnucks	SnAks 	
school         skul 
schoolhouse	skulhQs 	
science	s9Ents 
scissorhand	sIzRh&nd 
scissors       sIzRz 
scooby         skubi 
scoop	skup 
scooping	skupIN 
scoot	skut 
scooter	skutR 
scooting	skutIN 
scored	sk#d 
scorpion	sk#pi~ 
scott          skat 
scottish	skOtIS 
scramble	skr&mbL 
scrambled      skr&mbLd 
scrape	skrep 
scraped	skrept 
scraping	skrepIN 
scratch        skr&c 
scratch       skr&c 
scratched      skr&ct 
scratches      skr&c6z 
scratching     skr&cIN 
scratching     skr&cIN 
scratchy       skr&ci 
scream          skrim 
screaming      skrimIN 
screams         skrimz 
screech	skric 
screecher	skricR 
screen	skrin 0w
screw 	skru 
screwdriver	skrudr9vR 
screwed	skrUd 
screwy	skrUwi 	
scribble	skrIbL 
scribbles      skrIbLz 
scrub	skrAb 
scrubbed	skrAbd 
scrubbie	skrAbi 
scrubby	skrAbi 
scrumbilicious@n  skrAmbIlIS6s 
scrumblicious@n	skrAmblIS6s  
scrumptious	skrAmpc6s 
scuba            skub6 
scurry	sk3i 
sea	si 
seafood	sifud 
seagulls	sigAlz 
seal           sil 
seal's         silz 
sealie	sili 
sean	SOn 
search	s3c 
searched   s3ct 
seashells	siSElz 
seashore	siS% 
season	siz~ 
seasoning	siz~IN 
seasons	siz~z 
seat           sit 
seats	sits 
sebastian	s6b&sc~ 
sec            sEk 
second         sEk~d 
seconds	sEk~dz 
secret	sikrEt 
secrets	sikrEts 
sectioned      sEkS~d 
sections       sEkS~z 
secure	s6ky) 
see            si 
seeandsay	si  &nd  se 
seed sid 
seeds          sidz 
seeing siIN 	
seek           sik 
seem           sim 
seemed         simd 
seemingly	simINli 
seems          simz 
seen           sin 
sees           siz 
seesaw	sisO 
segment        sEgm~t 
seize	siz 	
selection      sIlEkS~ 
self           sElf 
sell          sEl 
selling        sElIN 
sells           sElz 
seltzer	sEltzR  
semicircle     sEmIs3kL 
send           sEnd 
sending       sEndIN 
sends           sEndz 
sense          sEns 
sensitive	sEnsItIv 
sent             sEnt 
sentence       sEnt~s 
sentences      sEnt~sIz 
separate       sEp6ret 
separation     sEp6reS~ 
september      sEptEmbR 
sequential     sIkwEnSL 
series	siriz 
serious        s(i6s 
seriously	siri6sli 
serpent	s)p~t 
serve            sRv 
served          sRvd 
serves           sRvz 
service	s)vIs 
serving           sRvIN 
sesame         sEs6mi 
session	sES~ 
set            sEt 
setting	sEtIN 
settle	sEtL 
settled	sEtLd 
seuss          sus 
seuss's        susIz 
seven          sEv~ 
seventeen	sEvEntin 
seventeenth	sEvEntinT 
seventh	sEvEnT 
seventy	sEvEnti 
several        sEvrL 
sew	so 
sewed	sod 
sewer 	suR 
sewing   soIN 
sewingmachine	soIN  m6Sin 
sewn           son 
sews           soz 
sex            sEks 
sexual         sEkSuL 
sexy	seksi 
sgabettios sk6bEtioz 	
shabby         S&bi 
shade	Sed 
shades	Sedz 
shadow         S&do 
shadows	S&doz 
shady	Sedi 
shaggy 	S&gi 
shake          Sek 
shaked	Sekt 
shakes	Seks 
shaking	SekIN 
shaky	Seki 
shall          SL 
shallots	S&l6ts 
shallow	S&lo 
shame	Sem 
shampoo	S&mpu 
shape          Sep 
shaped	Sept 
shapes        Seps 
share          S* 
shared	S*d 
sharing        S*IN 
shark          S#k 
sharks         S#ks 
sharon	S*~  
sharp	S#p 
shave          Sev 
shaving        SevIN 
she            Si 
she'd          Sid 
she'll         Sil 
she's          Siz 
sheared	S(d 
shedding	SEdIN 
sheedy	Sidi 
sheep          Sip 
sheet	SIt 
sheets	SIts 
sheila	SIl6 
shelby	SElbi 
shelf	SElf 
shell	SEl 
shells	SElz 
shena          Sin6 
shepherd	SEp3d 
sheriff	SErIf 
sherri	SERi 
sherry         S*i 
shes	Siz 
shh	S 
shield		Sild 
shielded	Sild6d 
shift           SIft 
shifts         SIfts 
shimmering	SImRIN
shimmy        SImi 
shin	SIn 
shine	S9n 
shining	S9nIN 
shiny	S9ni 
ship	SIp 
ships	SIps 
shirt          S3t 
shirt's		S3ts 
shirts         S3ts 
shiver	SIvR 
shock	Sak 
shocked	Sakt 
shod	Sad 
shoe           Su 
shoe's	Suz 
shoelace	Sules 
shoelaces      SulesIz 
shoeless       SulEs 
shoes          Suz 
shoesies	Suziz 
shoestring	SustrIN 
shoestrings	SustrINz 
shook	SUk 
shoot	Sut 
shooting	SutIN 
shop	Sap 
shops	Saps
shopper	SapR 
shopping       SapIN 
short          S%t 
shorter	S%tR 
shortly	S%tli 
shorts           S%ts 
shot	Sat 
shots	Sats 
should         SUd 
should've	SUd6v 
shoulda	SUd6 	
shoulder	SoldR 
shoulders      SoldRz 
shouldn't      SUd~t 
shout	SQt pw
shouted	SQt6d  
shouting	SQtIN 
shove           SAv 
shoved	Sovd 
shovel           SAvL 
shoveled         SAvL 
shoveling         SAvLIN 
shovels            SAvLz
shoving		 SAvIN   
show           So 
showed         Sod 
shower	SQR 
showing        SoIN 
shows	Soz 
shred	SrEd 
shrimp	SrImp 
shriveled	SrIvLd 
shut           SAt 
shutter	SAtR 
shutters	SAtRz 
shutting	SAtIN 
shy	S9 
sibling	sIblIN 
sick           sIk 
sickie	sIki 
sid	sId 
side           s9d 
sides          s9dz 
sidewalk      s9dwOk 
sidewalks     s9dwOks 
sideways	s9dwez 
sidney	sIdni 
sidney's	sIdniz  
sieve	siv 
sigh	s9 
sighed	s9d 
sight	s9t 
sign            s9n 
signal	sIgnL 
signed       s9nd 
signs           s9nz 
silence	s9lEnts 
silent	s9lEnt 
silky	sIlki 
sill	sIl 
sillier	sIliR 
silly          sIli 
sillywilly	sIli  wIli 
silver	sIlvR 
silverware	sIlvRw* 
simba	sImb6 
simmer      sImR 
simmered     sImRd 
simmering     sImRIN 
simmers         sImRz 
simple         sImpL 
simply	sImpli 
since          sIns 
sing           sIN 
singing     sININ 
sings	sINz 
sink	sINk 
sip	sIp 
sipped	sIpt 
sipper	sIpR 
sippie	sIpi 
sips	sIps 
sir            s3 
siree	s3i 
siren	s9r6n 
sirree	s3ri 
sissy          sIsi 
sister         sIstR 
sister's       sIstRz 
sisters	sIstRz 
sit            sIt 
sits           sIts 
sitting        sItIN 
situation      sIcueS~ 
six            sIks 
sixpence	sIkspEnts 
sixteen	sIkstin 
sixteenth	sIkstinT 
sixty          sIksti 
size           s9z 
sized 	s9zd 
skanky	sk&Nki 
skateboard	sketb%d 
skateboards	sketb%dz 
skates	skets 
skating	sketIN 
skelter	skEltR 
skies	sk9z  
skill	skIl 
skills	skIlz 
skin	skIn 
skinnier	skIniR 
skinny	skIni 
skip	skIp 
skipped        skIpt 
skips          skIps 
skirt	sk3t 
skirts	sk3ts 
skull	skAl 
skunk	skANk 
sky            sk9 
slam          sl&m 
slammed    sl&md 
slamming   sl&mIN 
slams         sl&mz 
slapped sl&pt 
slash	sl&S 
slave 	slev 
sleek	slik 
sleep          slip 
sleeper	slipR 
sleepie        slipi 
sleepies	slipiz 
sleeping       slipIN 
sleeps         slips 
sleepy         slipi 
sleepyhead	slipihEd 
sleet             slit 
sleeting        slitIN 
sleets           slits 
sleeve         sliv 
sleeves        slivz 
slept	slEpt 
slew           slu 
slice	sl9s 
slick          slIk 
slid	slId 
slide          sl9d 
slides	sl9dz 
sliding	sl9dIN 
slight	sl9t 
slightest      sl9tIst 
slime	sl9m 
slimy	sl9mi 
slink	slINk 
slinky	slINki 
slip            slIp 
slipped       slIpt 
slipper	slIpR 
slipper's	slIpRz 
slippers       slIpRz 
slippery	slIpRi 
slippies   slIpiz
slipping       slIpIN 
slippy	slIpi 	
slips           slIps 
slob	slOb 
slobber        slabR 
slobbered      slabRd 
slobbering     slabRIN 
slobbers         slabRz 
slobingslobingdobbin  slabIN  slabIN  dAb~ 
slopping	slOpIN 
sloppy	slOpi 
slosh	slOS 
slot	slOt 
slouch	slQc 
slouching   slQcIN 
slow            slo 
slower	slowR 
slowing      slowIN 
slowly	sloli 
slows           sloz 
slug	slAg 
slumber	slAmbR 
slumbers	slAmbRz 	
slurping   sl3pIN 
smack	sm&k 
smackerel   sm&kRL 
smackerel@c	sm&kRL 
smacking	sm&kIN 
smakerel@c	sm&kRL 
small          smOl 
smaller        smOlR 
smallness	smaln6s 	
smart          sm#t 
smarter	sm#tR 
smartest	sm#tEst 
smartie	sm#ti 
smarty	sm#ti 
smartypants	sm#tip&nts 
smashing	sm&SIN 
smell          smEl 
smelled	smEld 
smelling       smElIN 
smells         smElz 
smelly   smEli 
smile          sm9l 
smiled        sm9ld 
smiles         sm9lz 
smiley	sm9li 
smiling      sm9lIN 
smith	smIT 
smoke	smok 
smoky   smoki 
smooth	smuT 
smoother	smuTR 
smorgasbord	Sm%g6sb%d 
smuch	smAc 
smush   smAS 
smushed	smASt 
smushing	smASIN 
snack          sn&k 
snack's        sn&ks 
snackie	sn&ki 
snacking	sn&kIN 
snacks         sn&ks 
snail	snel 
snails	snelz 
snake          snek 
snakes	sneks 
snakie	sneki 
snap           sn&p 
snapped        sn&pt 
snappie	sn&pi 
snapping	sn&pIN 
snaps          sn&ps 
snatch	sn&c 
snatched	sn&tct 
sneak	snIk 
sneakers       snikRz 
sneaking	snIkIN 
sneaky	snIki 
sneeze          sniz 
sneezed	snizd 
sneezes snizEs 
sneezing	snizIN 
sniff	snIf 
snip	snIp 
snipped   snIpt 
snipper   snIpR 
snippers	snIpRz 
snippy	snIpi 
snoops	snups
snoopy	snupi 
snooze	snuz 
snoring	sn%IN 
snort	sn%t 
snorting       sn%tIN 
snot	snat 
snotty	snati 
snow           sno 
snow's	snoz 
snowballs	snobOlz 
snowblower     snobloR 
snowed         snod 
snowflakes	snofleks 
snowing        snoIN 
snowman        snom&n 
snowman's 	snom~z 
snowmen	snomEn 
snows          snoz 
snowsuit	snosut 
snowy	snowi 
snuck	snAk 
snuff	snAf 
snuffy	snAfi 
snug	snAg 
snuggle	snAgL 
snuggled   snAgLd 
snuggly	snAgli 
so             so 
so@si	so 
soak	sok 
soaked	sokt 
soaking	sokIN 
soaky	soki 
soap	sop 
soappies	sopiz 
soapy	sopi 
soccer	sakR 
sock           sak
sock's	       saks 
sockie	saki 
sockies	sakiz 
socks          saks 
socksies   saksiz 
soda	sod6 
sodas   sod6z 
sodium          sodi6m 
sofa	sof6 
soft           sOft 
softball	sOftbOl 
softest	sOft6st 
softly	sOftli 
software       sOftw* 
soggy	sagi 
soiled	s7Ld 
sold	sold 
soldier	solGR 
soldiers   solGRz 
solid	salId 
solidified	s6lId6f9d 
solomon	sal6m~ 
some           s6m 
somebody       sAmbadi 
somebody's	sAmbadiz 
someday	sAmde 
somehow	sAmhQ 
someone        sAmwAn 
someone's      sAmwAnz 
someplace	sAmples 
somersault      sAmRsOlt 
somersaults	sAmRsOlts 
something      sAmTIN 
something's    sAmTINz 
sometime       sAmt9m 
sometimes      sAmt9mz 
somewhat	sAmwAt 
somewhere      sAmW* 
son                sAn 
song           sON 
songlike   SONl9k 
songs          sONz 
sonic	sanIk
sonny	sAni 
sonogram	san6gr&m  
sons              sAnz 
soon           sun 
sooner         sunR 
sophie	sofi 
sophisticated  s6fIstIketId 
sopped	sapt 
sorcerer	s%cIRR  
sore	s%
sorry          s%i 
sort           s%t 
sorta	       s%t6
sorted	s%t6d 
sorter	s%tR 
sorts          s%ts 
sound          sQnd 
sounded        sQndId 
sounding       sQndIN 
sounds         sQndz 
soup           sup 
soup's	       sups
soups	sUps 
soupy 	sUpi 
sour             sQR 
source	s%s 
south           sQT 
space          spes 
spaceship	speSIp 
spaghetti	sp6gEti 
spaghettio	sp6gEtio 
spaghettios	sp6gEtioz 
span	sp&n 
spanish	sp&nIS 
spank          sp&Nk 
spanked        sp&Nkt 
spare	sp* 
sparkle	sp#kL 
sparkly	sp#kli 
sparky	sp#ki 
sparrow	sp*o 
speak          spik 
speaker	spikR 
speaking       spikIN 
speaks         spiks 
special	spESL 
specific       spIsIfIk 
specks	spEks 
specter	spEktR 
spectrum	spEktrM 
speed	spid 
speeds	spidz 
speedy         spidi 
spell	spEl 
spelling	spElIN 
spend          spEnd 
spended       spEnd6d 
spends         spEndz 
spent	spEnt 	
sphere	sf( 
spice	sp9s 
spices	sp9s6z 
spider	sp9dR 
spike	sp9k  
spill              spIl 
spilled           spIld 
spilling            spIlIN 
spills         spIlz 
spin	spIn 
spinach	spInIc 
spines	sp9nz 
spinning	spInIN 
spins	spInz 
spirit             sp(It 
spit           spIt 
spits           spIts 
spitting      spItIN 
splash	spl&S 
splashasplashasplasha	spl&S6  spl&S6  spl&S6
splashed	spl&St 
splashie	spl&Si 
splashing	spl&SIN 
splat	spl&t 
splendid	splEndId 
splendor	splEdR 
splishiesplashie	splISi  spl&Si 
splishsplash	splIS  spl&S 	
splishysplashy	splISi  spl&Si 
split	splIt 
splitsplacksplash splIt  spl&k  spl&S 
spoil 	sp7L 
spoiled	sp7ld 
spoke	spok 
sponge	spAnG 
sponges	spAnG6z 
spontaneously  spanteni6s 
spool	spul 
spools         spulz 
spoon          spun 
spoonful	spunfL 
spoonfuls	spunfLz 
spoons         spunz 
sport	sp%t 
sports	sp%ts 
spot	spat 
spot's	spats 
spots	spats 
spotty	spati 
spout	spQt 
sprat	spr&t 
spray	spre 
spraying	spreIN 
spread	sprEd 
spreads	sprEdz 
spring         sprIN 
springs	sprINz 
springtime	sprINt9m 
sprinkler	srINkLR 
sprint	sprInt 	
spruce	sprus 
spud           spAd 
spunky	spAnki 
spy	sp9 
spying  sp9IN 
square         skw* 
squares	skw*z 
squarular	skw*y6lR 
squash        skwOS 
squashed	skwOSt 
squashie       skwOSi 
squashies      skwOSiz 
squashing      skwOSIN
squawky	skwOki 
squeak         skwik 
squeaked	skwikt 
squeaker	skwikR 
squeaking	skwikIN
squeaks	skwiks 
squeaky	skwiki 
squeal	skwil 
squealed	skwild 
squeeze         skwiz 
squeezed       skwizd 
squeezes      skwiz6z 
squeezing      skwizIN 
squid	skwId 
squinting  skwIntIN 
squirm	skw3m 
squirming	skw3mIN 
squirmy	skw3mi 
squirrel       skw3L 
squirrellie	skw3Li 
squirrellies	skw3Liz 
squirrels      skw3Lz 
squirt	skw3t 
squirted	skw3t6d 
squirting	skw3tIN 
squish	skwIS 
squished	skwISt 
squishing	skwISIN 
squishy	skwISi 
ssh             S 
stable   stebL 
stack          st&k 
stacked        st&kt 
stacking       st&kIN 
stacks         st&ks 
stage          steG 
stages         steGIz 
stain	sten 
stair	st*z 
stairs          st*z 
stale	stel 
stale	stel 
stalking	stOkIN 
stall	stOl 
stamp	st&mp 
stamps	st&mps
stance	st&nts 
stand          st&nd 
standing       st&ndIN 
standpoint	st&ndp7nt 
stands	st&ndz 
staples	stepLz 
star           st# 
starch	st#c 
stare	st* 
starfish	st#fIS 
staring	st*IN 
stars          st#z 
start          st#t 
started        st#tId 
starting       st#tIN 
startle	st#tL 
startled	st#tLd 
starts         st#ts 
starve          st#v 
starved        st#vd 
starves          st#vz 
starving        st#vIN 
stash	st&S 
static	st&tIk 
staticing@n  st&tIkIN 
staticky	st&tIki 
staticling@n	st&tIk  klIN 
station	steS~ 
statue	st&cu 
stay           ste 
stayed	sted 
staying	steIN 
stays          stez 
steadfast	stEdf&st 
steadier	stEdiR 
steady	stEdi 
steak          stek 
steak's        steks 
steal            stil 
stealing       stilIN 
steals          stilz 
steam          stim 
steamed	stImd 
steep	stIp 
steer          st( 
steering	st(IN 
stegosaurus    stEg6s%6s 
stem	stEm 
step	stEp 
stephanie	stEf6ni 
stepped	stEpt 
stepping	stEpIN 
steps           stEps 
stereo	st*io 
stereos        st*ioz 
steve           stiv 
steven	stiv~ 
stew	stu 
stick          stIk 
sticker	stIkR 
stickers  stIkRz 
stickie  stIki 
stickies	stIkiz 
sticking       stIkIN 
stickle   stIkL 
stickleback	stIkLb&k 
sticks         stIks 
sticky	stIki 
stikle	stIkL 
stile	st9L 
still          stIl 
stimulated	stImyulet6d 
sting	stIN 
stingy	stInGi 
stink         stINk 
stinkaroosies	stINk6ruziz 
stinker	stINkR 
stinkier	stINkiR 
stinkies	stINkiz 
stinkiest	stINki6st 
stinking	stINkIN 
stinkpot      stINkpat 
stinks	stINks 
stinky      stINki 
stir	st3 
stirring	st3IN 
stirs		st3z
stitches	stIc6z 
stock          stak 
stocking	stOkIN 
stole	stol 
stomach        stAm6k 
stomachache	stAm6kek 
stomp	stamp 
stomped	stampt 
stomping	stampIN 
stoneham       stonM 
stones	stonz 
stood          stUd 
stool	stul 
stool's	stulz
stop           stap 
stopped        stapt 
stopper	stapR 
stopping	stapIN 
stops	staps 
store          st% 
stores         st%z 
stories        st%iz 
storm          st%m 
stormy	st#mi 
story          st%i 
storybook	st#ibUk 
stout	stQt 
stove          stov 
straight       stret 
straighten	stret6n 
straightened	stret6nd 
straightens	stret6nz 
straining	strenIN 
strange        strenG 
stranger	strenGR 
strap          str&p 
strapped     str&pt 
straps         str&ps 
straw	strO 
strawberries   strOb*iz 
strawberry     strOb*i 
streaks	strIks 
stream	strIm 
street         strit 
streetlight     stritl9t 
streetlights    stritl9ts 
streets        strits 
strength	strENT 
strengthening	strENT6nIN 
stress           strEs 
stressed        strEst 
stretch	strEc 
stretches	strEc6z 
stretching	strEcIN 
strike	str9k 
string	strIN 
stringing	strININ 
strings        strINz 
strip 	strIp 
stripe	str9p 
striped        str9pt 
stroke	strok 
stroll	strol 
stroller       strolR 
strong          stON 
stronger       strONR 
struck	strAk 
structure      strAkcR 
struggle       strAgL 
struggled	strAgLd 
strum	strAm 
stubborn	stAb3n 
stuck          stAk 
studies       stAdiz 
studio	studio 
study           stAdi 
studying	stAdiIN 
stuff          stAf 
stuffed        stAft 
stuffy	stAfi 
stung	stAN 
stupid         stupId 
sturdy	st3di 
stutter	stAtR 
style             st9l 
styling	st9lIN 
stylish	st9lIS 
stylus	st9l6s
styrofoam	st9r6fom 
sub	sAb 
subject        sAbGIkt 
substitute	sAbstItut 
substituted    sAbstItutId 
succeed	sAksid 		
successful     s6ksEsfL 
successfully	sAksEsfLi 
such           sAc 
suchi          suci 
suck              sAk 
sucked           sAkt 
sucker	sAkR 
sucking        sAkIN 
sucks          sAks 
suction	sAkS~ 
sudden         sAd~ 
suddenly       sAd~li 
suds	sAdz 
sudsies	sAdsiz 
sudsy	sAdsi 
sue            su 
sued           sud 
sues           suz 
sugar          SUgR 
sugarpie	SUgRp9 
suggest	s6GEst 
suggestion     s6gGEsc~ 
suing         suIN 
suit           sut 
suitcase	sutkes 
suits          suts 
sultan  sAlt~ 
sultan's	sAlt~z 
sultans	sAlt~z 
sultans's  sAlt~z6z 
summer         sAmR 
summer's	sAmRz 
summers        sAmRz 
summertime	sAmRt9m 
summoned	sAm~d 
sumpin	sAmpIn 
sun            sAn 
sun's	sAnz 
sunblock	sAnblOk 
sunburn	sAnb3n 
sunday	sAnde 
sunflower      sAnflQR 
sunflowers	sAnflQRz 
sunglasses	sAngl&sIz 
sunny	sAni 
sunscreen	sAnskrin 
sunscreens	sAnskrInz 
sunshine	sAnS9n 
suntan	sAnt&n 
super          supR 
superman	supRm&n 
supper         sApR 
supper's	sApRz 
supplement	sApl6m~t 
supplies	sApl9z 
supply         s6pl9 
suppose	sApoz 
supposed       s6pozd 
sure           S3 
surely	s3li 
surface        s3fIs 
surprise	s3pr9z 
surprised      sRpr9zd 
surprising	s3pr9zIN 
surrounded	s3Qnd6d 
survey	s3ve 
survive	s3v9v 
survivor	s3v9vR 
susan	suz~ 
susie          suzi 
suspender	sAspEndR 
suspenders     s6spEndR 
suspicious	sAspIS6s 
susy           suzi 
suzie          suzi 
suzy           suzi 
swallow       swalo 
swallowed    swalod 
swallowing    swalowIN 
swallows        swaloz 
swam	sw&m 
swan	swan 
swans	swanz 
sways	swez
swear	sw* -W
swearie	sw*i 
sweat          swEt 
sweater        swEtR 
sweaters       swEtRz 
sweatpants    swEtp&nts 
sweatshirt	swEtS3t 
sweatshirts   swEtS3ts 
sweatsuit	swEtsut 
sweaty	swEti 
sweep	swip 
sweeped	swipt 
sweeper	swipR
sweepie	swipi 
sweeping	swipIN 
sweeps	swips 	
sweet          swit 
sweeta	swit6 
sweeterpeters	switR  pitRz 
sweeters	switRz 
sweeterspeters	switRz  pitRz 
sweetest	swit6st 
sweetheart     swith#t 
sweetie         switi 
sweetiepie	switi  p9 
sweetiepies	switi  p9z 
sweeties	switiz 
sweetiest	switiEst 
sweetpea	swit  pi 
sweets	swits 
sweetsies	switsiz 
sweetum	switAm 
sweetums	switAmz 
swell	swEl 
swell	swEl 
swelling	swElIN 
swelling	swElIN 
swept	swEpt 
swim           swIm 
swimmer	swImR 
swimming       swImIN 
swimmingpool	swImIN  pul 
swims	swImz 
swimsuit	swImsUt 
swing          swIN 
swingie	swINgi 
swinging       swININ 
swings         swINz 
swish	swIS 
switch	swIc 
switched	swIct 
swollen	swol~ 
swoosh	swUS 
sydney's	sIdniz 
sylvester	sIlvEstR 
symbiotic      sImbiatIk 
symphony        sImf6ni 
syndrome	sIndrOm 
synthesized	sInT6s9zd 
syrup	s(Ap 
system	sIstM 
t                ti 
t@l            ti 
ta             ta 
tab	t&b 
tabitha	t&bIT6 
tabitha's	t&bIT6z 
table          tebL 
tablecloth	tebLklaT 
tablespoon	tebLspun 
tabs          t&bz 
tad	t&d 
tadah	t6da 
tag	t&g 
tags	t&gz 	
tail           tel 
tail's	tela 
tails	telz 
take           tek 
taken          tek~ 
takes          teks 
taking         tekIN 
talk           tOk 
talkative      tOk6tIv 
talked         tOkt 
talker	tOkR 
talking        tOkIN 
talks          tOks 
tall           tOl 
taller	tOLR 
tallest	tOlEst 
tambourine	t&mb3in 
tan	t&n 
tangerine        t&nGRin 
tangerines        t&nGRinz 
tangled	t&NgLd 
tangling       t&NglIN 
tanish          t&nIS 
tank           t&Nk 
tantrum	t&ntrAm 
tantrums	t&ntrAmz 
tap           t&p 
tape           tep 
taped	tept 
tapemeasure	tepmEs) 
taperecorded	teprEk%dEd
taperecorder	teprEk%dR
taperecorder's	teprEk%dRz 
taperecording	teprEk%dIN 
tapes	teps 
taping	tepIN 	
tapioca          t&piok6
tapioca's	 t&piok6z 
tapped      t&pt 
tapping     t&pIN 
taps            t&ps 
tar	t# 
target	t#g6t 
tart            t&t 
tarts           t%ts 
tarzan	t#z~ 
tasmanian	t&zmeni~ 
taste          test 
tasted	test6d 
tastes         tests 
tasting	testIn 
tasty          testi 
tata           t&t& 
tata's         t&t&z 
tata@q	tOtO 
taters	tetRz 
tattoos	t&tuz 
taught         tOt 
taxi	t&ksi 
taxis	t&ksiz 
taz	t&z 
tea            ti 
teach          tic 
teacher        ticR 
teacher's	tIcRz 
teaching       ticIN 
team	tim 
teapot	tipat 
tear           t( 
tearing	t*IN 
tears          t(z 
teakettle      tikEtL
teas           tiz 
teasing	tizIN 
teaspoon	tispun 
teaspoonfuls	tispunfLz 
technical	tEknIkL 
technically	tEknIkli 
teddies	tEdiz 
teddy         tEdi 
teddybear     tEdib*
tee             ti 
teefers	tifRz 
teenager	tineGR 
teenie	tini 
teensie	tinsi 
teeny	tini 
teenyweeny	tiniwini 
teepy	tipi 
teeth          tiT 
teether	tiTR 
teethers	tiTRz 
teethie	tiTi 
teethies	tiTiz 
teething	tiTIN 
telemarketing	tEl6m#kEtIN 
telephone      tEl6fon 
telephone's    tEl6fonz 
telephones	tEl6fonz 
teletubbies     tEl6tAbiz 
teletubby        tEl6tAbi 
television     tEl6vIZ~ 
televisions    tEl6vIZ~z
televisionset  tEl6vIZ~ sEt 
tell           tEl 
telling        tElIN 
tells          tElz 
telly	tEli 
temper	tEmpR 
temperature	tEmpr6c) 
tempt	tEmpt 
ten            tEn 
tend           tEnd 
tender        tEndR 
tenderness   tEndRn6s 
tending	tEndIN 
tennis         tEnIs 
tense	tEnts 
tent	tEnt 
tenth	tEnT 
tents          tEnts
tequita	       t6kita 
term           t3m 
terms          t3mz 
terri	t*i 
terri's	t*iz 
terrible       t*6bL 
terribly       t*6bli 
terrific	t6rIfIk 
terrorizing	tEr39zIN 
terry	t*i 
terry's	t*iz 
test           tEst 
tested         tEstId 
testing	tEstIN  
than           D&n 
thank          T&Nk 
thanked	T&Nkt 
thanking	T&NkIN 
thanks	T&Nks 
thankyou	T&Nkyu 
that           D&t 
that'd	D&t6d 
that'll         D&tL 
that's         D&ts 
thaw	TO 
the            D6 
thee	Di 
theif	TIf 
their          D* 
theirs	D*z 	
them           DEm 
them's         DEmz 
themselves	DEmsElvz 
then           DEn 
theodore	Ti6d%
there          D* 
there'll	D*L 
there's        D*z 
therefore	D*f% 
theresa	t6ris6 
thermometer	TRmam6tR 	
these          Diz 
they           De 
they'd	Ded 
they'll          Del 
they're        D* 
they've        Dev 
thick          TIk 
thicker	TIkR 
thigh	T9 
thighs	T9z 
thin           TIn 
thing          TIN 
thing's         TINz 
thingamajigger	TIN6m6GIgR 
thingie	TINi 
thingies	TINiz 
things         TINz 
think          TINk 
thinking       TINkIN 
thinks         TINks 
third          T3d 
thirst	T3st 
thirsty       T3sti 
thirteen	T3tin 
thirty         T3rti 
this           DIs 
thistle	TIsL 
thorn	T%n 
thornbushes	T%nbUS6z 
thorns	T%nz 
thorny	T%ni 
those          Doz 
though         Do 
thought        TOt 
thoughtful	TOtfL 
thousand	TQz~d 
thrash   Tr&S 
thrasher	Tr&SR 
thread         TrEd 
three          Tri 
threes         Triz 
threw          Tru 
throat         Trot 
throats	Trots 
through        Tru 
throughout	TruQt 
throw          Tro 
throwing       TroIN 
thrown         Tron 
throws         Troz 
thumb          TAm 
thumbprints	TAmprInts 	
thumbs         TAmz 
thumbtacks	TAmt&ks 
thumper	TAmpR 
thunder	TAndR 
thundered	TAndRd 
thursday       T3zde 
thy	D9 
ti@si	ti 
tic	tIk 
tick	tIk 
ticket          tIkIt 
tickets       tIkIts 
tickie	tIki 
tickle         tIkL 
tickled       tIkLd 
tickler	tIkLR 
tickles        tIkLz 
tickletickle	tIkL  tIkL 
ticklie	tIkli 
tickling       tIkLIN 
ticklish	tIklIS 
tickly	tIkli 
ticks          tIks 
tictactoe	tIk  t&k  to 
tiddywinkle	tIdi  wINkL  
tide	t9d 
tie            t9 
tied           t9d 
ties           t9z 
tiger          t9gR 
tigers         t9gRz 
tigger	tIgR 
tiggers	tIgRz 
tiggywinkle	tIgi  wINkL 
tight          t9t 
tighter	t9tR 
tightly	t9tli 
tights	t9ts 
tile	t9L 
tilt	tIlt 
tilted 	tIlt6d 
tim	tIm 	
timber	tImbR 
timberland	tImbRl&nd 
timbers	tImbRz 
time           t9m 
timer	t9mR 
times          t9mz 
timing	t9mIN 
timmer	tImR  
timmonium 	tImoniAm 
timmy	tImi 
timmy's	tImiz 
timone	tImon 
timothy	tIm6Ti 
tims	tImz 
tin	tIn 
tiniest	t9niEst 
tinkerbell	tINkRbEl 
tinkertoy	tINkRt7
tinkertoys	tINkRt7z
tinkle          tINKL 
tinky	tINki 
tinkywink    tINki  wINk 
tinkywinky   tINki  wINki 
tiny	t9ni 
tip	tIp 
tipietoe	tIpito 
tipietoes	tIpitoz 
tipped	tIpt 
tippietoe	tIpito  
tippietoes	tIpitoz 
tipping	tIpIN 
tippy	tipi 
tippy's	tipiz 
tips	tIps 
tiptoe	tIpto 
tiptoed	tIptod 
tiptoes	tIptoz  
tire	t9R 
tired          t9Rd 
tires	t9Rz 
tiring	t9RIN 
tissue	tISu 
tissues        tISuz 
to             tu 
toandfro	tu  &nd  fro 
toast          tost 
toasted	tost6d 
toaster	tostR 
toastest	tostEst 
toasty	tosti 
tock	tOk 
today          t6de 
today's        t6dez 
toddler	tOdlR 
toe            to 
toe's	toz 
toenail	tonel 
toenails	tonelz 
toes           toz 
toesie	tozi 
toesies	toziz 
tofu	tofu 
together       t6gEDR 
toilet            t7l6t 
tokyo	tokio 
told           told 
tom	tam 
tom's	tamz  
tomato	t6meto 
tomatos	t6metoz 
tomboy	tOmb7 
tomcat	tOmk&t 
tommy      tami 
tomorrow       t6m#o 
tomorrow's	t6m#o  
ton            tAn 
tonga          taNg6 
tongue         tAN 
tongue's       tANz 
tonight        t6n9t 
tonka	taNk6 
tonka's            taNk6z 
tons           tAnz 
tonya	tany6 
too            tu 
took           tUk 
tool	tul 
toolbox	tulbaks 
tools	tulz 
toolshed	tulshEd 
tooshy		tUSi
toot	tut 
tootaloo	tut6lu 
tooth	tuT 
toothbrush	tuTbrAS 
toothbrushes	tuTbrAS6z 
toothie	tuTi 
toothies	tuTiz 
toothless	tuTl6s 
tooting	tutIN 
tootleloo	tutLu 
toots	tuts 
tootsie	tUtsi 
tootsies	tUtsiz 
top            tap 
topic	tapIk 
toppings	tapINz 
tops 	taps 
tore	t% 
torn   t%n 
tortoise	t%t6s 
torturing	t%c)IN 
toss	tas 
tossed	tast 
tosses	tas6z 
totally        totLi 
totem	totM 
toucan	tuk&n 
touch          tAc 
touchdowns	tAcdQnz 
touched	tAct 
touches	tAc6z 
touchie	tAci 
touching       tAcIN 
touchy	tAci 
tough	tAf 
toughie	tAfi 
tow	to 
toward	t6w#d 
towards        t%dz 
towel          tQl 
towels	tQlz 
tower          tQR 
towers         tQRz 
town	tQn 
toy            t7 
toy'll	t7L 
toybox	t7baks 
toys           t7z 
track	tr&k 
tracks         tr&ks 
tractor	tr&ktR 
trade   tred 
traditional	tr6dIS~L 
traffic         tr&fIk 
trailed	treLd 
trails	treLz 
train          tren 
trained	trend 
training	trenIN 
trains         trenz 
translate	tr&nslet 
trapeze	tr6piz 
trapped	tr&pt 
trash           trAS 
trashed       trASt 
trashes       trAS6z 
trashing     trASIN 
traumatizing	trOm6t9zIN 
traveler	tr&vLR 
traveling	tr&vLIN 
travels	tr&vLz 
tray           tre 
trays	       trez
treat           trit 
treatment	tritm~t 
treats           trits 
tree           tri 
trees	triz 
treetop	tritap 
triangle      tr9eNgL 
triangles	tr9&NgLz 
triangular	tr9&ngy6lR 
trick          trIk 
tricked	trIkt 
tricks	trIks 
tricky         trIki 
tricycle       tr9sIkL 
tried          tr9d 
tries          tr9z 
trike          tr9k 
trim	trIm 
trip           trIp 
triple       trIpL 
tripled       trIpLd 
tripod	tr9pad 
tripped   trIpt 
tripping       trIpIN 
trombone	trambon 
troop	trup 
trouble        trAbL 
trough	trOf 
trousers	trQsRz 
trout	trQt 
truck          trAk 
truck's	       trAks
truckie	trAki 
trucks         trAks 
true           tru 
truly	truli 
trunk          trANk 
trunks	trANks 
trust	trAst 
truth	truT 
truthfully     truTf6li 
try            tr9 
trying         tr9IN 
trys	tr9z 
tub            tAb 
tubbie	tAbi 
tube            tub 
tubes           tubz 
tubing        tubIN 
tuck	tAk 
tucked	tAkt 
tucker	tAkR 
tuesday	tuzde 
tuffet	tAf6t 
tug            tAg 
tugged   tAgd 
tugging	tAgIN 
tulip          tulIp 
tulips         tulIps 
tumble         tAmbL 
tumbled        tAmbLd 
tumbles	tAmbLz 
tumbling	tAmbLIN 
tummies	tAmiz 
tummy          tAmi 
tumtum	tAmtAm 
tuna             tun6 
tune            tun 
tunes          tunz 
tunnel	tAnL 
tupperware	tApRw* 
turkey            t3ki 
turkey's          t3kiz 
turkeys	t3kiz 
turkies           t3kiz 
turn           t3n 
turnaround	t3n6rQnd 
turned         t3nd 
turning       t3nIN 
turns          t3nz 
turtle         t3tL 
turtle's       t3tLz 
turtleneck	t3tLnEk 
turtles	t3tLz 
tush	tUS 
tutti	tuti 
tuttletuttle	tAtL  tAtL 
tutu	tutu 
tuv@k        ti  yu  vi 
tv             tivi 
tweaks	twiks 
tweedle	twidL 
tweedlebug	twidLbAg 
tweedledee	twidLdi 
tweedledum	twidLdAm 
tweet	twit 
tweetie	twiti 
tweetie's	twitiz 
tweety        twiti 
twelfth	twElf 
twelve        twElv 
twenty         twEnti 
twice          tw9s 
twiddle	twIdL 
twiddlebug	twIdLbAg 
twinkle	twINkL 
twirl	tw3l 
twirly	tw3li 
twist	twIst 
twister	twIstR 
twisting	twIstIN 
twisty	twIsti 
two            tu 
twos	tuz 
twy	tw9 
twying	tw9IN 
ty	t9 
tyco	t9ko 
tying	t9IN 
tylenol	t9lEnal 
type	t9p 
typing	t9pIN 
tyrese	t9ris 
u	yu 
u@l            yu 
ubb's	Abz 
ugh	Ag 
uglier       AgliR 
ugliest      AgliEst 
ugly          Agli 
uh             A 
uhhuh        AhA 
uhhum	MhM 
uhoh           Ao 
uhuh           AA 
ukelele        yuk6leli 
ulterior	Alt(iR 
um               Am 
umbrella       AmbrEl6 
unbearable     Anb*6bL 
unbreakable    Anbrek6bL 
unbuckle	AnbAkL 
unbuckled	AnbAkLd 
unbutton       AnbAt~ 
uncheerful	Anc(fL 
uncle          ANkL 
uncles	AnkLz 
uncomfortable	AnkAmftRbL 
unconsciously  AnkanS6sli 
uncover	AnkAvR 
uncovering	AnkAvRIN 
uncurl	Ank3l 
under          AndR 
underarm	AndR#m 
underarms	AndR#mz 
underneath	AndRniT 
underpants     AndRp&nts 
undershirt   AndRS3t 
understand     AndRst&nd 
understandable	AndRst&ndEbL 
understanding  AndRst&ndIN 
understands    AndRst&ndz 
understood     AndRstUd 
underwear	AndRw* 
underwears	AndRw*z 
undies	Andiz 
undo           Andu 
undone         AndAn 
undress        AndrEs 
undressed	AndrEst 	
undressing     AndrEsIN 
unfair	Anf* 
unfold	Anfold 
unfortunate	Anf%t6n6t 
unfortunately	Anf%t6n6tli 	
unfree	Anfri 
unhappy	Anh&pi 
unhook	AnhUk 
unicorn        yunIk%n 
unicycle	yunIc9kL 
unidentifiable	An9dEnt6f96bL 
uniform         yun6f%m 
uniforms        yun6f%mz 
unique         yunik 
unit	yunIt 
universal        yunIvRsL 
universe	yunIvRs 
unless         AnlEs 
unlimited	AnlImIt6d 
unload         Anlod 
unlock         Anlak 
unlocked	Anlakt 
unorganized	An%g6n9zd 
unpacking	Anp&kIN 	
unpause	AnpOz 
unpleasant	AnplEs~t 
unplug       AnplAg 
unplugged    AnplAgd 
unplugging   AnplAgIN 
unplugs        AnplAgz 
unravels       Anr&vLz 
unruly          Anruli 
unscrew		Anskru 
unsnap         Ansn&p 
unsnapped     Ansn&pt 
unstrap         Anstr&p 
untape	Antep 
untie          Ant9 
untied         Ant9d 
unties         Ant9z 
until          AntIl 
untying        Ant9IN 
unused        Anyuzd 
unusual 	AnyuZuL 
unzip          AnzIp 
unzipped       AnzIpt 
unzipperoni	AnzIpRoni 
unzipping      AnzipIN 
up             Ap 
uphill	AphIl 
upieday	Apide 
upon	Ap~ 
upper	ApR 
uppie	Api 
ups           Aps 
ups@c	Aps 
upsa	Aps6 
upsadaisy	Aps6dezi 
upset	ApsEt 
upside         Aps9d 
upsidedown	Aps9dQn 
upsie	Apsi 
upstairs    Apst*z 
upstream	Apstrim 
uptown	AptQn 
urchins	3cInz 
urge           3G 
us             As 
use            yuz 
used           yuzd 
useful	yusfL 
useless	yusl6s 
uses           yuzIz 
using	yuzIN 	
usual	yuZuL 
usually        yuZw6li 
utensil	yutEnsL 
utensils       yutEnsIlz 
utmost	Atmost 
v               vi 
v's	vIz 
v@l            vi 
vacation       vekeS~ 
vacuum         v&kyum 
vacuumed	v&kyumd 
vacuums        v&kyumz 
valentine      v&l~t9n 
valentine's	v&lEnt9nz 
valentines	v&lEnt9nz 
vampire	v&mp9R 
van             v&n 
van's	v&nz 
vandross         v&ndrOs 
vane	ven 
vanilla        v6nIl6 
vans              v&nz 
variable	v*i6bL 
variety	v6r96ti 
vas                 vAz 
vaseline          v&s6lin 
vasie            vezi 
vat	v&t 
vegetable    vEGt6bL 
vegetables    vEGt6bLz 
veggie	vEGi 
vehicle	viIkL 
veils	velz 
velcro	vElkro 
velcroed	velkrod 
velveteen	velv6tin 
vent	vEnt 
vera	v*6 	
verbalize      v3b6l9z 
vern	v3n 
versatile	v3s6t9l 
verse	v3s 
version	v3Z~ w
versus	v3s6s 
very           v*i 
vests	vEsts 	
victoria	vikt%i6 
video	vIdio 
videos	vIdioz 
view	vyu 
viewpoint      vyup7nt 
vigorously     vIgR6s 
vin	vIn 
vine           v9n 
vinegar       vIn6gR 
vines	v9nz 
vinnie         vIni 
vintage        vIntIG 
violence        v96l~ts 
violent	v96l~t 
violet	v96l6t 
violin         v96lIn 
viper	v9pR 
virginia       vRGIny6 
virtually      v3cu6li 
visit            vIzIt 
visited         vIzIt6d 
visiting       vIzItIN 
visits          vIzIts 
visual           vIzuL 
vitamin	v9t&mIn 
vitamins	v9t&mInz 
vividly        vIvIdli 
vocal          vokL 
vogue	       vog
voice          v7s 
voices         v7sIz 
volcano	 valceno 
vole	vol 
volleyball	valibOl 
volunteer      val~t( 
vroom	vrum 
w   dAbLyu 
w@l            dAbLyu 
wackwackwack@o	w&k  w&k  w&k 
wacky	w&ki 
wafer	wefR 
wafers	wefRz 
waffle	wOfL 
waffles	wOflz 
wag	w&g 
wagon          weg~ 
wahwahwah	w&  w&  w& 
wahwahwah@si	w&  w&  w& 
wait           wet 
waited	wet6d 
waiting	wetIN 
wake           wek 
wakes          weks 
waking         wekIN 
waldo	waldo 
walk           wOk 
walkandtalk	wOk  &nd  tOk 
walked         wOkt 
walker          wOkR 
walkie	wOki 
walkietalkie	wOkitOki 
walkietalkies	wOkitOkiz 
walking        wOkIN 
walks          wOks 
wall           wOl 
wallet	wal6t 
wallpaper	wOlpepR 
walls          wOlz 
walt           wOlt 
walters	waltRz 
walters's	waltRz6z 
wand	wand 
wandered   wandRd 
wandering	wandRIN 
wanna          wan6 
want           want 
want's         wants 
wanted         wantId 
wanting	wantIN 
wants          wants 
war              w% 
warm           w%m 
warmed	w%md 
warmer	w%mR 
warming	w%mIN 
warn 	w%n 
warning	w%nIN 
warren	w%~ 
warrior	w%iR 	
was            wAz 
wash           waS 
washcloth      waSklOT 
washcloths	waSklOTs 
washed         waSt 
washer	waSR 
washes         waSIz 
washie	waSi 	
washing        waSIN 
washingmachine waSIN m6Sin
washrag	waSr&g 
wasn't         wAz~t 
wasp           wasp 
wasps           wasps 
waste	west 
wastebasket  westb&sk6t
wasted   west6d 
wasting	westIN 
watch          wac 
watched        wact 
watches        wacIz 
watching       wacIN 
water          wOtR 
water's	watRz 
waterfall	watRfal 	
watering	watRIN 
waterloo	watRlu 
watermelon	watRmEl~ 
watermelons	watRmEl~z 
watery	watRi 
wave           wev 
waved	wevd 
waves          wevz 
waving         wevIN 
wawa	wawa 
wax	w&ks 
way            we 
way's	wez 
ways           wez 
we             wi 
we'd	wid 
we'll          wil 
we're          w( 
we've          wiv 
weak	wik 
wear           w* 
wearable	w*6bL 
wearing        w*IN 
wears          w*z 
weasel         wizL 
weasels        wizLz 
weather	wEDR 
weaving	wivIN 
web	wEb 
webs  wEbz 
wednesday	wEnzde 
wee            wi 
weebles	wibLz 
weed	wid 
weeds	widz 
week           wik 
weekend        wikEnd 
weeks          wiks 
weens	winz 
weensie	winsi 
weepee	wipi 
weepie	wipi 
weepy	wipi 
weeta	wit6 
weewee	wiwi 
weewees	wiwiz 
weeweeweeweewee	wi  wi  wi  wi 
weigh	we 
weight	wet 
weird          w(d 
weirdest	w3dEst 
weirdo	w3do 
welcome        wElkM 
well           wEl 
went           wEnt 
were           w3 
weren't       w3nt 
wet            wEt 
wetter	wEtR 
wh        W 
whack          W&k 
whaddya	wAdy6 
whale          Wel 
whales	wELz 
wham	w&m 
what           WAt 
what'd        WAt6d 
what'll	      WAtL
what're	      WAtR
what's         WAts 
whatcha       WAtc6 
whatchamacallit	wAtc6m6kOlIt 
whatever       WAtEvR 
wheat          Wit 
wheaties	witiz 
whee	wi 
wheel	wiL 
wheelbarrow    Wilb*o 
wheeling	wiLIN 
wheels         Wilz 
when           WEn 
when's	wEnz 
whence         WEns 
whenever       WEnEvR 
whens	       wEnz
where	w*  
where          W* 
where'd        W*d 
where're   W*R 
where's        W*z 
whereas        W*&z 
whereupon      W*6pan 
wherever       W*EvR 
whether        WEDR 
whew	Wu 
whey	we 
which          WIc 
while          W9l 
whine         W9n 
whined      W9nd 
whines       W9nz 
whiney	w9ni 
whineyness	w9ninEs 
whining      W9nIN 
whip           WIp 
whipped     WIpt 
whipping      WIpIN 
whips           WIps 
whirled	w3ld 
whirlwind		w3lwInd 
whisker	wIskR 
whiskers       WIskRz 
whisper	wIspR 
whispered	wIspRd 
whispering	wIspRIN 
whistle	wIsL  
white          W9t 
whitney	wItni 
who            hu 
who're	       huR
who's          huz 
whoa           wo6 
whoever	huEvR 
whole          hol 
whom           hum 
whoop	wup 
whoopee	wUpi 
whoopie	wUpi 
whoops       wUps 
whoopsadaisy    wUps6dezi 
whoopsie	wUpsi 
whoopsiedoozies	wUpsiduziz 
whoopsiedoozy	wUpsiduzi 
whoosh	wUS 
whose          huz 
whoville	huvIl 
why            W9 
why's	w9z 
whys	w9z 
wick	wIk 
wicked         wIkId 
wide           w9d 
wider	w9dR 
width	wIdT 
wiener	winR
wife	w9f 
wig	wIg 
wiggins	wIgInz 
wiggle	wIgL 
wiggles   wIgLz 
wiggly	wIgli 
wild           w9ld 
wildly	w9ldli 
wiled	wIld 
will           wIl 
william   wIlyAm 
willie	wIli 
willing        wIlIN 
willow	wIlo 
willy	wIli 
wilted  wIlt6d 
wily	w9li 
win	wIn 
wind             wInd 
wind's	wIndz 
windbreaker	wIndbrekR 
winder	wIndR 
window         wIndo 
window's 	wIndoz 
windows        wIndoz 
windowsill		wIndosil 
winds	wIndz 
windshield       wInSild 
windshield's     wInSildz 
windshields      wInSildz 
windy	wIndi 
wing	wIN 
wings	wINz 
wink	wINk 
winkie	wINki 
winkle         wINkL 
winky	wINki 
winnie         wIni 
winter         wIntR 
wipe           w9p 
wiped	w9pt 
wipeout	w9pQt 
wiper           w9pR 
wipers          w9pRz 
wipes          w9ps 
wipie	w9pi 
wipies	w9piz 
wiping	w9pIN 
wire            w9r 
wires            w9rz 
wish           wIS 
wishbone	wISbon 
wished	wISt 
wishes	wIS6z 
witch	WIc 
with           wIT 
within	wITIn 
without        wITQt 
wittle           wItL 
wittles         wItLz 
wobbly	wabli 
wocket@n	wak6t 
woe  wo 
woke	wok 
wolf	wUlf 
wolfie	wUlfi 
woman          wUm~ 
womb	wum 
women	wIm6n 
won	wAn 
won't          wont 
wonder         wAndR 
wondered       wAndRd 
wonderful      wAndRfL 
wonderfully	wAndRfli 
wondering      wAndRIN 
wonders   wAndRz 
workbench w3kbEnc
woo	wu 
wood           wUd 
wooden         wUd~ 
woods	wUdz 
woody	wUdi 
woof	wUd 
woofwoof	wUfwUf 
wool	wUl 
woolly	wUli 
wooly	wUli 	
woowoo         wuwu 
word           w3d 
words          w3dz 
wore	w% 
work           w3k 
worked         w3kt 
workie	w3ki 
working        w3kIN 
workout	w3kQt 
workplace     w3kples 
workroom	w3krum 
works          w3ks 
world           w3ld  
world's	w3ldz 
worm           w3m 
worms         w3mz 
worn           w%n 
worried	w3id 
worries   w3iz 
worry          w3i 
worse	w3s 
worship	w3SIp 
worst	w3st 
worth	w3T 
wosuits	wosut 
would          wUd 
would've	wUd6v 
wouldn't       wUd~t 
wound   wund 
wow             wQ 
wrap           r&p 
wrapped        r&pt 
wrapper	r&pR 
wrapping	r&pIN 
wrappings      r&pINz 
wreath	rIT 
wreck	rEk 
wrecker	rEkR 
wrecking	rEkIN 
wrestle             rEsL 
wrestled           rEsLd 
wrestles             rEsLz 
wrestling           rEsLIN 
wriggly	rIgLi 
wrinkled	rINkLd 
wrinkles	rINkLz 
wrinkly	rINkli 
wrist          rIst 
write          r9t 
writes         r9ts 
writing         r9tIN 
writings        r9tINz 
written           rIt6n 
wrong          rON 
wrote           rot 
wuss	wUs 
wuzzy	wAzi 
x	Eks 
x@l            Eks 
x@l-s	Eks 
xavier	EkseviR 
xavier's	EkseviRz 
xylophone      z9l6fon 
y	w9 
y@l            w9 
ya              y6 
yahtzee	yatzi 
yak	y&k 
yaks	y&ks 
yall	yOl 
yam	y&m 
yams	y&mz 
yank          y&Nk 
yanked      y&Nkt 
yankee	y&Nki 
yanking    y&NkIN 
yanks          y&Nks 
yard           y#d 
yarn           y#n 
yawn           yOn 
yawned	yOnd 
yawning	yOnIN 
yay             yey 
yaya	yaya 
yaya's	yayaz 
yayayaya	ya  ya  ya 
ye	y6 
yea              y& 
yeah           y& 
year           y( 
yearling	y(lIN 
years          y(z 
yeast	yist 
yeh	yE 
yell	yEl 
yelled	yEld 	
yelling        yElIN 
yellow         yElo 
yells          yElz 
yep             yEp 
yeps	yeps 
yes            yEs 
yessiriebobs	yEsRibabz 
yesterday      yEstRde 
yet            yEt 
yicky	yIki 
yikes	y9ks
yip	yIp 
yipped	yIpt 
yoda	yod6 
yogurt        yogRt 
yogurt's	yogRts 
yolanda	yoland6 
yolk           yok 
yomiko	yomiko 
yonder	yandR 
yorgensen	y%g~s~ 
york           y%k 
you            yu 
you'd          yud 
you'll         yul 
you're         y) 
you've         yuv 
young	yAN 	
younger        yANgR 
your	y%
your           y) 
yours          y)z 
yourself       y)sElf 
yous   yuz 
youth          yuT 
yoyo	yoyo 	
yuck	yAk 
yucka   yAk6 
yucketyyuck	yAkEti  yAk 
yuckies	yAkiz 
yucks	yAks 
yucky	yAki 
yukon           yukan 
yuli	yuli 
yuli's	yuliz 
yulibaba	yuli  bab6 
yulibabaf	yuli  bab6f 
yulibob	yuli  bab 
yulibobs	yuli  babz 
yum             yAm 
yumbum	yAmbAm 
yummies	yAmiz 
yummy        yAmi 
yumsie	yAmzi 
yumyum      yAmyAm 
yumyums	yAmyAmz 
yup             yAp 
z@l            zi 
zach	z&k 
zachary	z&kRi 
zaps	z&ps 
zealand	zil~d 
zebra          zibr6 
zebras         zibr6z 
zenga	zENg6 
zero	z(o 
zeus	zus 
ziggy's	zIgiz 
zigzag	zIgz&g 
zigzagging	zIgz&gIN 
zinnias        zIni6z 
zip            zIp 
ziploc	zIplak 
zipped         zIpt 
zipper         zIpR 
zipper's       zIpRz 
zippered	zIpRd 
zippers        zIpRz 
zipping        zIpIN 
zips           zIps 
zipzapzuds	zIp   z&p  zAdz -z
zizzerzazzerzoo	zIzR  z&zR  zu 
zizzerzazzerzuzz	zIzR  z&zR  zAz 
zone	zon 
zoo            zu 
zookeeper	zukipR 
zookeeper's	zukipRz 
zoological     zo6laGIkL 
zoom    zum 
zooming	zumIN 
zoomzoom	zumzum 
zoos           zuz 
zum@o	zum 
